


Alazahr 

Background: A fierce, wild land carved by ocean winds into a mix of barren land and wet salty moors. An inhospitable land occupied by equally inhospitable people. Alazahrians are fierce, independent, feuding 

collection of individuals. Once a colony of the Misty Isles, Alazahr is a splintered collection of wildly varying societies. A common thread among them all is the powerful animosity of the Misty Isles and a 

fierce and abiding passion to be independent and free. Dress & Decoration: Alazahr follows the Misty Isles' clothing styles except the tunic is worn longer and boots are common in urban areas while sandals 

predominate in the marshlands. The Isles' wrap is rarely worn as it is seen as a sign of slavery and oppression. Other changes are the addition of belts, ties and loops to hang clothing as well as a gamut of 

colors to traditional garments. Outlook: Stubborn, determined and harsh; filled with a fierce and feral independence mixed with avid participation in their new government. Eating and cuisine are high art forms.

 Slavery is ill tolerated abroad and abhorred in their homeland. Society: Only recently freed, nationalism is tempered by a populace ready to rebel against the slightest hint of oppression. Alazahrians love to 

revel in their differences more than seek social unity. Law is a contradiction with no singular codex enforced. In the harshest sense, strength and power matter more than truth every will in their society. 

Religion & Power: Primary religions are the Amarydion and Borsala. Magik is viewed favorably and seen as a natural force of life while psychic power and technology is unknown outside of superstition. 

Spiritualism strikes a deep chord and their folk lore, legends and common tales are full of animistic references. Prejudices & Fears: Alazahrians fear slavery, loss of independence and individuality more than 

death or humiliation. They have an abiding animosity toward the Misty Isles due to the long subjugation of their land by that country.

Altala 

Background: A young nation birthed out of the womb of several ancient empires. Altalans are vibrant, active people, bustling whether they are working the land, plying the water in ships or trekking the dunes of

 the desert. Dress & Decoration: Altalans view dress, appearance and etiquette as an art form and have the proper ensemble and protocol for every occasion. Such things are unreasoningly important and more than 

once a fight, blood feud, riot or war has occurred over the subject. Outlook: Optimists, little gets Altalans down for long. Full of blazing passion, Altalans tend to jump headfirst into anything without 

looking back. It's their nature to hotly decide one way or another on a subject and defend it without thought to consequence or truth/untruth. All in all, Altalans are a highly charged people. Society: A 

foundation of society is the need to build and its an unreasoning almost overpowering urge. When not fighting Panduria or Thund, Altalans spend the time attempting to outdo one among with grand constructions. 

Its almost as if they can fight back the darkness of their passionate souls through the very act of creation. Politics are important and while the average Altalan may not play a great role politically, for some

 it shapes their entire existence. When shamed or disgraced an Altalan will seek reparation through the act of sacrifice or dissolution in an attempt to redeem their shame. Religion & Power: Religiously 

Altalans are diverse but Justinorn and Chu-Khem are powerful symbolically in their culture. Magik is viewed favorably and seen as a natural force of life. Psychic power, spiritualism and technology are little 

known outside of isolated social pockets and is generally ignored or lumped into magik. Prejudices & Fears: Placing disgrace on their family, their name or the honor of their country, giving birth to twins or 

breaking from the proper protocol in life.

Amazon Motherland 

Background: A collection of Amazon city states on the eastern coast whose origins arose from the disputes and wars of the Misty Isles in the distant past. Dress & Decoration: Clothing tends toward the simple, 

with cotton and silk dyed brightly, with colors reflecting the city states are most common. Outlook: Athleticism, bravery in the face of death, toughness, especially in battle, is greatly admired. Confidence 

and passion lead them to believe they can overcome any physical enemy. The ideal that citizenship must be earned is a highly valued concept. Society: Amazonian culture reflects a high stress on individuality 

and self action. Cities are self ordered and ruled by those capable not through hereditary lines. Warriors are considered among the elite and all people serve in the military for a few years. Religion & Power: 

Primary religions are the Olympic Mysteries, Megalon (female version), Chu-Khem, Amarydion, Silvery Lady, Brabnalda, and Xuanth. Magik is viewed favorably and seen as a natural force of life while psychic power

 and technology is viewed as a rarer form of magik. Spiritualism strikes a deep chord and their folk lore, legends and tales are full of animistic references. Prejudices & Fears: Amazons do not view males of 

any race as equals, seeing them as less capable in every way. This prejudice ranges from the mild ideal that males should be kept safe to the extreme where all males should be treated like the lowest of 

animals.

Aradnast 

Background: A complex nation made out of smaller ones and divided by vastly differing geographic regions, wildly disparate races and outlooks. Aradnast is one more because of historical ties than communal or 

social ones. The Elves hold to the forested bank and rich river deltas and the Centaurs to the grassy plains between the mountains. Humans, Hobbitts, Urukk, Goblins, and Orcs live in smaller settlements without

 and without both regions and are thick in the great mountains. Joining them in the Gibbering Mountain ranges are the roving tribal bands of Throon. The major communities within Aradnast have strong 

isolationistic tendencies but are harmonious enough when acting as a nation. Dress & Decoration: Garments are loose and open with lacing and pins predominating over buttons. The short cloak is used for warmth 

and to provide protection from weather. Hats are rare and footwear is utilitarian if worn at all. River folk wear open vests over shirts or tunics and sandals. They also dress more brightly than city 

counterparts. Those who dwell in the mountains wear whatever comes to hand, usually hides and fur. Outlook: Those who dwell in the along the coast or the plains are at-ease and sedate with life and coastal and 

river races tend to be open, relaxed, composed in attitude and open to change. Mountain life is difficult and dangerous. Mountain dwellers reflect this harsh attitude and trust few other than close kin. 

Society: In the mountains, life is what you can take, steal or rip from others and only the strongest most brutal survive the harsh winters and fiercer creatures that dwell there. Life beyond the mountains 

centers on maritime and agricultural pursuits though military expediency is no stranger. Fighting in the foothills is a year round experience that keeps the soldiery and people sharp. Frequent conflicts with 

Atenveldt are a growing dominant focus in society and religious fervor is on the rise with rumors of another religious war brewing with Atenveldt. Religion & Power: Religiously Aradnastans worship and revere 

wide scope of deities and no singular religion hold sway in the land. In the mountains, the wild tribes see magik, psychic power and technology one and the same as spiritualism: something feared and revere all 

at the same time. The plains and river folk more or less accept them all as something to be cautiously used but not to be depended upon. Prejudices & Fears: Wildly varying in scope but some common fears 

predominate among all Aradnastans. One is the loss of their homeland, another is a fear of the many man-sized and larger spiders found everywhere (in many varieties) and the scorpion men that plague the south.

Aranzian Isles 

Background: A militant and strict people culturally unified in their desire to dominate the Rainbow and Sapphire Seas. Aranzian Islanders are hardworking, industrious, focused and stern, a product of their 

environment and hectic past. Unification of their land only came by military force and the discipline hasn't declined since that fateful date. While community focused individualism is a strong understated 

ideal. Aranzians are strict but fair in their use of national power. Dress & Decoration: The basic garment is a short tunic and layers of clothing are added as needed, usually a waterproof cloak, brined hat, 

boots if on land, sandals while at see. Aranzian style is hodgepodge and tends to suit the environment more than the accord of some style of fashion. Outlook: The Aranzian ideal is to serve one's country 

faithfully and well, earning standing and fame through militant and adventurous deeds edifying themselves, their family and kingdom. Aranzians are very rank conscious due to the power afforded to reputation and

 fame. At the same time they believe any person can move up in rank through application and deeds. Aranzians live by the 3 tenets of service, standing and fame. Society: The isles mentality has formed a complex

 interplay of status, rank and position and an Aranzian can instantly recognize another's status or rank by how they dress, act, speak and move. Strangers without this ability are frequently confused by this. 

Aranzian society is broken into royalty, nobility, commoners, slaves and criminals. Religion & Power: Primary religions are the Borsala, Megalon and Machichrondahr though Borsala dominates religiously. Magik is

 viewed favorably and seen and used where applicable. Psychic power and technology are known and respected but much less utilized. Spiritualism is considered sheer folly and folk lore though religiously 

oriented spiritualism is widely accepted. Prejudices & Fears: Aranzians fear their acts may bring dishonor on one's family or nation, the loss of rank and are uncomfortable when away from the ocean for long 

periods. Aranzians have a strong prejudicial view towards not religiously orientated spirits and react with derision to such things.

Arduin 

Background: Arduin is the mythic land of the nexus; a wild and diverse place that enjoys the joys and perils of high civilization hand in hand with the dangers and wildness of the deepest feral lands. All 

things come to Arduin in time like all roads lead to Arduin. Arduin boasts (correctly) that it is the commercial and social hub for change. This enviable position has earned both enemies and friends. Of all the

 things said of Arduin, one thing is true, it is a diverse and ever changing place. Dress & Decoration: No single dress or appearance defines the country but instead a kaleidoscope of styles, clothing types, 

and coiffures are a common reality. Outlook: Arduinians are very open minded and break classes of people along wealth and influence, with an outlook that moving upward or downward is easily (sometimes too 

easily) done. Overt signs of wealth are seen as crass while expensive but understated wealth is viewed in good taste. Expensive is good but flashy is not. Arduinians are somewhat callous to the wonders of the 

world than other cultures due to the nexus but still delight in the unusual. Arduinians believe strongly in self-reliance. They also don't wonder if they are the toughest, most versatile of people – they know 

it without doubt. It's less arrogance than solid tested assurance. Society: Open and cosmopolitan in outlook, Arduin is one of the few lands that outlawed slavery. They are more enlightened in attitude and 

openness than their neighbors and see mixing of culture due to the ingress of people from the nexus. Arduinians are considered very worldly in their views and adaptable to strange, quixotic situations. Tough 

minded and flexible, Arduinians have a pervading national spirit and belief in citizenship. Religion & Power: Strong religious diversity but the Lady of the Silver Moon, Skirin, Shagrath, Xuanth, Eru, Saren, 

Megalon, Amarydion, Borsala and Heldoré are very powerful. Magik, Psychic Power and spiritualism are well accepted and entrenched. Folk lore is replete with spiritual references and superstition is believed in 

but not pervading. Prejudices & Fears: Arduinians have more than their normal share of bogeymen, which, frighteningly, are usually real!

Armandoria 

Background: The country is dominated by bloody religious theocratic nobility and carved into large provinces that serve almost as nations. The country maintains a voracious appetite for slaves and slavery is 

the coin and trade for Armandoria, not to mention the stamp by which the measure of one's wealth is made. Religious fanatics are everywhere and report on one another is to gain favor. The non-zealots consist of

 folk no more fair or foul than any other nation but who do little to stand out or attract attention, lest they become the next sacrifice or victim of the bloody religion. Dress & Decoration: A shapeless tunic 

or robe, worn loose or belted as needed. Hats are worn by nobility and the religiously powerful as is any clothing that hides the head, hands or eyes. Outlook: For the zealots, to serve their religion and their

 dark deity is everything and they will do anything if commanded. Outside of the religious elite, the zealots are drugged drones with little thought. Non-zealot people do everything not to gain the attention of

 the religious rulers and live as best they can. Society: The current religious rule has champed out all but the smallest vestiges of the previous Armandorian culture, using oppression, re-education and the 

knife to enact their will. High brooding ziggurats stretch skyward, smeared with the blood of thousands, breeding a shadowy heavy darkness that falls on the people forced to huddle around its base. Buildings 

press and lean, squeezing passages and cramping space while people live above and below the cobbled streets. Darkness is omnipresent in the land. Violence and bloodshed are the norm and even the dead are not 

left to rest but made to toil, labor and do violence. Religion & Power: The bloody religion that holds sway here is a mixture of Tanabras, Shagrath and Set and forbids all but the religious elite to use magik, 

psychic power or technology. Spiritualism is reviled and the dark priests have found ways to kill, poison or maim the spirits of their land. Prejudices & Fears: Zealots and non-zealots alike fear the law to 

some extent though non-zealots fear it the most. Non-zealots fear the darkness as many foul and horrible things fall upon people in the oppressive night.

Arvalessa 

Background: Arvalessa is a barbaric yet sophisticated civilization where most of the people are superstitious and illiterate while the ruling class is an incredibly rich, highly educated group in full control. 

Dress & Decoration: Dress and appearance is centered on convenience and social ranking. Light skin and paleness is seen as noble and avoidance of the sun separates the high and low castes. Body piercing is 

common as well as the practice of removing all hair from the body. The cut, texture and appearances of garments are more important than function or even price. Outlook: A strict social order system of 8 castes,

 where each caste descends in purity dominates everything. This caste system is perpetuated socially, religiously and economically. Society: Very strict caste society with no social movement allowed. The ruling

 elite hold all the power and wealth and serve as religious authorities as well for the superstitious and illiterate masses. Religion & Power: The nation has strong religious overtones with the Vedic Mysteries 

a very powerful force in the country.

Atenveldt 

Background: A prosperous land ruled by a feudal monarchy with natural boundaries that have kept the country isolationist. The land is split into 4 major fiefdoms with kings who owe allegiance to a high king. 

This arrangement has worked well for Atenveldt and spawned a vast pool of landed nobility that plot, squabble and war with one another and the neighboring kingdoms. Dress & Decoration: Loose, long sleeved 

shirts are worn, usually covered with a jerkin (leather for commoners and more expensive material for nobility and the rich), tucked into or draped over trousers. Women favor gowns, skirts and loose clothes 

with an eye towards functionality but beauty as well. Outlook: Land is everything and a landed man is a rich man. A person's pedigree speaks louder than any famous deed or mountain of wealth. A man rich in 

nobility is a man rich in ancestors. The rose is sacred and an oath upon it is binding upon one's family, blood and descendants. Such a thing is never done lightly. Society: Atenveldt appears chaotic to 

outsiders, buts is orderly and law abiding in nature by guided by tradition and custom more than the written codex of law. These unwritten rules are why others see Atenveldti as contrary and capricious. 

Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of Megalon, Vanaan, and Diora as the most powerful. The use of magik, technology, psychic power and spiritualism is looked upon with great distrust, suspicion

 and unease. Religious magik is accepted but still makes many uneasy. Prejudices & Fears: Atenveldti are trained from birth to follow all forms of unspoken rituals, like giving way before a mounted rider, 

courtesy to women and so on, while fearing in some way they have forgotten to act is some proper fashion. Bloodlines are equally important and forgetting one's heritage is a criminal act.

Azelkha 

Background: A wild but civilized country perched on the northern edge of the civilized world, the last bastion between the wild untamed north and the civilized world. Azelkha was born out of the displacement of

 people from Khorsar when the gods flooded the lands in their anger. The way of governing and general mindset of the people grew out of this event and the harsh struggles that occurred in the new land that 

would become Azelkha. Dress & Decoration: Garments favor bright colors and flashy, flamboyant garments that capture the eye and tantalize the mind. Azelkhans love to display their material wealth and do so we 

all kinds of accouterments. They use a heavier collared version of the Khorsarian overcoat. Tattoos and skin decoration are common. Outlook: Hard work is a way of life and a person can no more shirk a task than

 disbelieve in the gods. To be Azelkhan is to do nothing halfway – indeed they do nothing without full commitment. Two cultural orientations drive Azelkhans – wealth and land. Both are of overriding concern and

 a typical Azelkhan makes no bones out of gaining 1 or both whenever possible. Society: A powerful plutocracy rules the nation and this privileged upper class are built on wealth, competence and ability. The 

lords of the land turn over frequently though as literally anything goes in Azelkha. Religion & Power: Azelkha has no state religion and indeed has a wild variety of deities. All powers are viewed tolerably in 

the land and they have a great respect for spiritual animism. Prejudices & Fears: Bath is welcome but swimming is despised if not feared. Wading in water over their heads inspirits panic.

Bossalia 

Background: Bossalia is a mountainous nation with a central plateau of rolling hills, lakes, and forests, known for its obstinate hardy people. The land is wild and arduous, and Bossalians live in strong, 

highly fortified towns and mountain communities. They control the terrain and mountains by dominating the precious few easy passes through them. While the forgotten cataclysmic event that split the Heaven Wall 

Mountains and Pylomere Mountains lowered the region, the Heaven Wall and Pylomere mountain ranges rival the Mountains of Madness in height, rising to 20,000 ft elevations. What few navigable passes exist 

through the region are considered gold, literally so, since almost all transport and trade is through these few precious corridors. A crude level of steam power is prevalent in the region, mainly in Dwarven 

hands and a few others, the secrets to its power jealously guarded and hoarded. This technology is used to move water – piped down from the aqueducts high in the mountains. Dress & Decoration: Tends toward the 

utilitarian, crafted of softened hide or thick cotton, padded and warmly lined. Boots are common, well shod and worked to ensure warmth. The brüdo (a wide scarf with many small pockets, wrapped around the body)

 is a must for travelers. Outlook: Bossalians are a hardy, tough lot, not given to lengthy speech but generous at the same time and moderately tempered in relation to the harshness of their land. Prudence is a 

virtue and they tend to trust little until proof of a stranger's intentions is known. Three widely recognized means to show proof of good intent is to share heat, to share food or to set aside one's weapons. 

Society: Bossalia has a long history and takes much from the heritage bequeathed upon them by the Rhingalorean Dwarves. The nation that exists now was born out of the crossroads of cultures in the aftermath of 

the Nexus Wars. Invasions from Falohyr and Tharkhala shaped their destiny and society and formed the different settlements into the binds to bind into one entity against outsiders. Bossalia takes its strength 

from its harsh mountain home, the toughness of its inhabitants, a can-do attitude and the careful, tactical use of gaining the right advantage against opponents. Among the different subcultures of Bossalia 

several traditions are held in common. All true oaths are sworn over fire, for to do so is to bind it before the gods, sealing all your heirs until fulfilled. A lesser but strong oath is to chisel the oath in 

stone or forge in steel. Heat is shared to anyone, even enemies during the cold winter months. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of Heldoré, Temple of Iron (Odin, Thor, Uller), Boreas and 

Diora as the most powerful. The use of psychic power and spiritualism is looked upon with great distrust, suspicion and unease. Magik, and technology are held on even ground and widely utilized where possible. 

Prejudices & Fears: A dislike of Falohyr exists, mainly driven by recent events. Internally the High Elves are tolerated but not well liked and they equally dislike everyone else, preferring isolation. 

Bossalian Dwarves have an unspoken but felt fear that they will never recover the lost heritage of their Rhingalorean ancestors.

Chardos 

Background: The kingdom of Chardos is a nation well known for its maritime exploits and past glory. At its height, Chardos encompassed a region far south among the archipelago islands and along the southern 

coast as far as present day Aradnast and to Marmachand borders. Time and internal corruption slowly eroded this empire until, for a time, it held only its home islands. When Chardos pulled out of this time of 

decay, it found its once great grip on the seas and oceans replaced by newer nations, namely those of Vargalla and Rainbow Isles. The result has been a reemergence of nationalism in Chardos and the spur to 

return to its once glorious empire. Gaining control of the mainland colonies near the Green Hell and the Agorian Mountains proceeded quickly and easily, but a return to dominance economically has been a long 

and difficult struggle. Dress & Decoration: Traditional Chardosian garments include a short, near skirt worn by males and females alike, usually with sandals and an open halfvest or short tunic. They also have 

an open-faced shirt with ‘wings' that wrap around the waist and lower torso and form a ‘V' across the chest. Chardosian sailors adopted short trousers (they clasp at the knee) early on in history and this has 

joined the short tunic and low boots of the Chardosian warrior. Other influences are prominently evident and just as many people wear garments of nations. Chardosians are rarely found without a dagger by their 

side, and even sometimes two or three. The dagger is the sole weapon allowed everywhere without question, as many settlements and cities require the relinquishing of weapons in order to keep the peace. Outlook:

 The Chardosian view on life helps little either, as the average Chardosian is indulgent and rather vengeful over small matters. This has always led to internal feuds and squabbles over the slightest matters, 

especially in the Chardosian Assembly. The average Chardosian is somewhat lazy and often binges, most often in the luxuries of life but sometimes in more pursuits that are industrious. Some break out of this 

mold and generally are the most prosperous non-plutocrats or find their way in the military or on foreign shores. Chardosians are somewhat jaded in their amusements and fun activities, constantly seeking the 

new and exciting to enliven their lives. Society: Plutocrats hold the power in Chardos and policy stems from their decisions made in the Great Assembly of Charda. While the equivalent to kings in their own 

small demesnes, the right to steer the helm of the nation lies solely with the Assembly. It's the one singular Chardosian passion and Chardosians are avidly involved in their plutocrats' lives and politics. 

Infighting in the Assembly often reaches legendary proportions, and in one closed assembly or another disputes have broken out in bloodshed and murder. Such acts have given rise to a special guard for the 

Assembly, the Snarling Quarl. While somewhat famous for their tenacity and extreme tact, most of the other Chardosian legions and leàrs somewhat derogatively call them the tremble cats and don't consider them 

real soldiers. When not in the Assembly raising voices to sway the gathering in one favored direction or another, the plutocrats rule from their rural estates or urban homes, caring for their parcel of Chardos.

 The plutocratic families long ago divided Chardos and the colonies into portions under their control, and families have grown or receded with the change of times. Chardosians have a long history of involved 

intrigue, spying and political underhandedness to gain favor politically, or in commerce. It is a great game they play and the factions and splinter factions politically within their government never sleep, 

trying to gain advantage over one another. The plutocrats in the Assembly must play off the different factions (and usually rivals in their own families) to stay in power and to generally get things done. 

Religion & Power: The nation is religiously diverse with the religions of Cat-of-fire, Borsala, Xuanth, Deamonshyra, and Abbraxadon in power. Magik is viewed well as is technology and psychic power. 

Spiritualism is tolerated but feared versus accepted. Prejudices & Fears: The sun is brutal during the summer months on the island and Chardosians have a healthy respect for its power. A time of darkness in 

their past has instilled a thorough fear of the night and uneasiness of shadows. Extended family is important in Chardos, since those related to you by blood are generally (but not always) trustworthy. To 

Chardosians, blood affixes a certain presumption of trust, and is a bridge not easily burned.

Chorynth 

Background: A renaissance styled swashbuckling culture ruled by fourteen self-named sea princes, one for each coastal city, Chorynth was once the kingdom of the Malanchian isles before falling to a coup by 

followers of the World Snake Set. Declaring the isles sanctified to Set, the priests shed blood and despoiled the land for 48 years before the people rose up against them. While the loss in life was terrible, 

the Malanchians would rather pay any price in blood and death to attain freedom rather than lie one minute under the shadow of the Great Snake and its fanged daggers. After no trace of the snake priests were to

 be found on the isle, the people chose new rulers, each city taking one, and thus began the reign of the sea princes. Chorynth was the name of their greatest hero during this time and they took his name as 

their new nation. Dress & Decoration: Chorynthian dress is as brash, bold, and confused as their architecture, and defining a style to Chorynth is like trying to hold the winds in one's hand. Still, in a way, 

this is the definition of Chorynth's style and they delight in the chaos of their differences. Tattoos are commonplace and Chorynthians decorate their bodies, clothes, and everything else with accouterments to 

proclaim their status and the louder more garish or in ill taste (at least to others) the better. Outlook: Chorynthians are loud and boisterous as a rule of thumb, live their lives at the rate of a speeding 

Thorg, and don't like to think there is something they cannot do. The salt of the sea is in their blood, and they live and die by its gifts. The chip on their shoulder comes from a deep seated belief that the 

world owes them for their bad path in the past, and they are determined to take their worth from the world, one way or another. Society: Chorynth is a society where sea princes rule individual ports as he or 

she sees fit, making for some interesting, often contradictory, and energetic differences. The widely varying opinions of the sea princes tend more towards internal conflict than outward, and the Chorynthians 

unfortunately, more often than not end up fighting among each other more than anyone else. Every 45 years or earlier (usually due to death or accident), a Prince of Princes is selected from the fourteen to 

represent the isles as a whole to other nations. The position is highly coveted and goes to the prince who can buy, kill, or convince a majority of the other princes to vote for him or her. The end of a Prince 

of Princes time is always a bloody time in Chorynth. No Prince of Princes has every willingly or peacefully handed over the rule of the country without some conflict, and the process of change is never an easy 

transition for the country. The commerce of the islands is pirating or trading as they call it with others. Chorynthians, or Malanchians as they are also sometimes called, rarely purchase their cargos but 

instead prey on others for goods or even scavenge wrecks. This attitude has started more than one war with other nations, such as the currently inactive, but ongoing conflicts with the Aranzian Isles, Sandara 

and the Misty Isles to name a few. It's their way of life and they seem to feel there is nothing wrong with preying, as they say, on the fish. Most sea captains out of Chorynth are more the scavenger variety 

than truly ‘sea wolves' though some have attained a rather bloody reputation in their aggressiveness for trading. Religion & Power: Religiously diverse though Borsala has a power and thriving religion. All 

powers are viewed tolerably and well, especially if they provide benefit to life or work. Prejudices & Fears: A total hatred and antipathy for anything related to Set in any of his guises is in the Chorynthian 

mindset, due to a 105 year long rapine rule by priests of the World Snake. This dark stain in the past has never died out in the eyes of the Chorynthians, nor the hatred for the acts of the priests during that 

time frame.

Chrysolia 

Background: Chrysolia is an old nation, the twin to neighboring Atenveldt. Its founding is rooted in similar lines except its early history was one of upheaval and conflict brought on by the flood of divergent 

people clashing against the existing people in the land. To deal with this conflict and the vacuum that followed warring, the people of Chrysolia developed codes of honor and valor early in its history. These 

codes provided the necessary structure to deal with the wrestles and eventually involved into strong laws. The leaders who towered above others in this disordered time took on noble status (and some, even 

mythical proportions). The strong, predominately militant religion preventing the great majority of migrants to the soil of Khaora upheld the growing ideals of honor and a need for law for the chaos of the land

 in their infancy and ensured early on the ideals would do more than serve the ruling class, or became a means of glorifying war. Dress & Decoration: Clothing comes in many fashions in Chrysolia depending on 

social status. However divergent the race, pedigree, or social rank, no Chrysolian feels comfortable out in the weather without the customary lèlèmon. Voluminous, this long, quilted garment is also called the 

skin cloak for its facility in wrapping tightly around its wearer if desired. Heavy enough to provide warmth and repellent to inclement weather, the lèlèmon is equally cool in heated times if the wearer looses 

the fastenings and allows it to billow and stir in the wind. Outlook: The pedigree of a person's line is important in Chrysolia and the ability to count back to the founding of the noble line is not only 

necessary but also expected for important occasions. To enter into the armigers of the land, scion of the noble families must prove his or her pedigree. Out of the armigers (those with the right to bear arms) 

come the various orders of knighthood, primarily supported by various noble families, the crown, or the religious orders. Those outside of noble bloodlines care much less for declining their pedigree from a 

historical sire but still place a certain amount of importance on their roots. Society: Chrysolia is a centralized under a king and supported by a ruling class of wealthy nobles, civilians, and successful 

military leaders. This is a system of ruling evolved early in their long history. The government as a whole is run in a militaristic and authoritarian style, where laws are strict but fair and even, applying 

upwards as well as down. The plutocratic nobility have certain rights over commoners and slaves have none, but all is right with this system in Chrysolia. After all, what has stood the test of time since early 

after their founding cannot be wrong can it? Thus follows Chrysolian thought, at least. The order of their land is built into them, blood and bone, from their birth to the last tottering steps of their death. 

They never fight it, accepting it is the ‘way of life', and some will have privilege over others. They known their nobles and king seats those positions due to divine right, founded on deeds of true nature 

untarnished by stain or misdeed. Those who do not live up to this image find their people unhappy and discontent, liable to revolt and ‘cleanse' the stain away in blood to make it right. The fact they could, 

and no other noble would stand against them (if the cause was just and true) is just another  salient facet of Chrysolian nature. All nobility of the realm are landed, mostly through hereditary titles passed on

 generation to generation via the blood of the firstborn. Only the legitimate can inherit but bastards are not looked down upon. Bastards claimed by their father (or mother's) take upon an appellation similar 

to their sire. Those with means can purchase a writ of lower nobility from the crown and establish a noble line, but must back up the writ with land commensurate to the title within one cycle or forfeit all. 

Since no lord seeks to lose land, many attempt to claim their tracts of land by wit or blade from Atenveldt or the great mountains. Bestowing a title of Siege lord to competent commanders is common to 

Chrysolia, and the title holds the status of lesser nobility, though the lands cared for are in the crown reserve and do not confer to the family. Such titles are given only to show royal favor and is something

 earned with repeated and rarely singular service. Religion & Power: The nation is religiously closed with the deities Megalon, Vanaan, Lady of the Silver Moon, and Ta-Taru in power. All the powers, except 

religious ones are viewed with suspicion. Prejudices & Fears: Ghandamahl is both feared and reviled. This land is viewed with a mixture of anguish and anger, mainly because the influence of Ghandamahl creeps 

slowly in Chrysolia every cycle and takes away land from her magnificence domain. The creep of the Ghandamahli taint seems unstoppable and its black soil is a curse heaped upon the head of enemies and that 

possessed land.

Chund 

Background: An old land, but prosperous still, and vibrant, Chund has seen the rise and fall of many enemies, and weathered them all. Chund is a land resplendent with abundant lush forests and fertile plains 

areas fed by the Divine River and all its tributaries. As a center of trade and learning, Chund is rarely equaled, and it wars economically with its neighbors to control the land trade of the region as well as 

the seas. The level of national prosperity over the last 10 to 20 cycles has led to the rise of a strong middle class for a realm of its size. While this growth of the middle class has changed the power balance

 of the country somewhat, the leadership of the government and the nation still lay with the priests and magicians. Both of these have been powers since the beginnings of Chund's history and both have managed 

to keep a grip on the government through all Chund's history. Currently, the Chundian wizards are the power, and lead the nation, ruling from the ancient capitol of Chunda as their center of power. The move 

from Krastemya, the favored center of the Chund's religious powers, was a calculated move last cycle that hamstrung several plots by the priests, and cut their power base. Dress & Decoration: Dress in Chund is 

akin to Ghorfar and the Dreaming Isles but takes more freely from surrounding cultures. The people wear tunics, long and short, richly decorated with threadwork, brocade and other materials. Trousers are the 

affected wear, tucked into boots or gartered. Headbands of the isles are seen here, but only of metals and decorations typifying nobility, influence, or financial status. Chundians use the button, ties, lacing 

and pins to attire clothing. Outlook: Chundians are intensely private, regarding public displays of emotion undignified and revealing; not that they are cold and unfeeling by any means but emotion is kept 

hidden until translated into action. A Chundian out of control is undesirable and shameful. It's akin to failure and something ill tolerated. While rarely coming out of this guarded exterior, there are times 

when it is acceptable, such as during the numerous public festivals and monthly celebrations to celebrate some past holiday or event. Then the sobriety and stoic mien of Chundians crack and they revel freely 

and fully without social pressure conforming them to do otherwise. Society: Chund is a land resplendent with abundant lush forests and fertile plains area fed by the Divine 18 River and all its tributaries. As 

center of trade and learning, Chund is rarely equaled, and it wars economically with its neighbors to control the land trade of the region as well as the seas. The level of national prosperity over the last ten

 to twenty cycles has led to the rise of a strong middle class for a realm of its size. While this growth of the middle class has changed the power balance of the country somewhat, the leadership of the 

government and the nation still lay with the priests and magicians. A power since the beginnings of Chund's history, both have managed to keep a grip on the government through all Chund's history. Currently, 

the Chundian wizards are the power and lead the nation, ruling from the ancient capitol of Chunda as their center of power. The move from Krastemya, the favored center of the Chundian religions was a calculated

 move last cycle that hamstrung several plots by the priests and cut their powerbase. Despite the growth of the middle class the bulk of people are still peasantry. Advancement in society is accepted and 

possible, but it requires wealth, influence, and knowledge. While most of the peasantry will never attain any growth from their societal tier, in Chund the striving towards betterment is a consuming aspiration,

 passed on to generation to generation until it is met. Often by then, the early goals of a father, or their father's father have given before new ones for a higher position socially. This never-ending circle 

drives Chundian aspirations and consumes them, as failure is such a drastic reversal for Chundians that they might suicide or become divorced from reality. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities 

Chu-Khem, Justinorn, Aegyptian Pantheon, Skirin, and Fahde dominating. Technology is known but seen more the provenance of ancient times than the current. Magik is the true power and it overshadows all others, 

keeping spiritualism and psychic power in its shadow. Prejudices & Fears: The fine art of revenge is strongly entrenched in Chund. A Chundian might wait generations, allowing cycles to pass to have his 

descendants reveal sweet revenge on a hated enemy. The record of actions taken to fulfill the retribution is documented in a journal, often passed down as examples or for continuation by heirs. Some of these 

documents have achieved notoriety all their own, sometimes extending well beyond the scope of the act of revenge.

Cirthian League 

Background: The Cirthian League is a maritime nation with coastal colonies well known for its adventuresome merchants and low tolerance for rivals or pirates, going legendary extends to circumcise either. The 

Cirthian League as a power has grown quietly in the background, flowering to strength in its out of the way location to most. Their origins were not well detailed and they are more future-oriented than 

historical savvy. After the reconstruction in the aftermath of the Nexus Wars, few considered the northern island country a threat and it was most ignored. This was an unexpected mistake. Now, Cirthian 

merchants are found everywhere the sea touches, even as far as the Misty Isles, trading in goods and wares. Dress & Decoration: Clothing styles vary wildly and are quite faddish, running for several years and 

then dying out. Knowing what to expect when a merchant-captain returns to port is part of the League's charm, and they look forward to it with a mixed amount of unease and anticipation. The Leagues sailors and 

soldiers are perhaps the singular stable piece in tapestry of stylish changes that occur. They wear the traditional breeches that are very loose all the way down and left open at the bottom, falling to about 

mid-calf. This was joined with low, heelless shoes, nether-hose, a small, knit hat and a doublet or loose shirt with an open ‘v' neck tightened  with laced ties. A long waterproof cassock often joins the 

ensemble in inclement weather. Cirthian League mariners use the tunic and trousers approach, with a broad belt useful for equipment and a surcoat or tabard for those official or dress occasions. Outlook: 

Cirthian Leaguers are very now and future oriented and they tend to disregard the past. They also tend to find cultural, social and legal barriers very flexible and have no problem bridging them. Society: The 

island nation is a political-economic combine of various guilds, primarily maritime. Many of the guilds are organized around crafts and the families that control them; some provide professional services, while 

others pursue activities covert, military or purely political in nature. As a whole, the Cirthian League is primarily a non-military entity with a wideranging trade network and powerful commercial shipping 

fleet. They have a reputation and people say, despite its rather remote location, anything legal or illegal can be obtained by a Cirthian should the price be sufficient to pursue it! They wield considerable 

economic and political clout out of proportion with their size, and are in direct conflict with the nearby Tallassan Isles and other island trading nations. The Cirthian League's hidden strength is their 

ability to cooperate as a unit, even though the many individual guilds that make of its governing council has differing goals. These facilities of cooperation, coupled with the two golden rules of the League 

have made them quite successful. First of the rules is total neutrality towards all other nations in the world. Cirthian League merchants are willing to trade with all, even their bitterest trade rivals if it 

is profitable. The second is no one attacks their ships and lives to spread the tale. Their merchant-captains and masters of magik keep the vessels safe, pursuing pirates and attackers to the ends of the world.

 In the pursuit of a pirate or corsair is the only time Cirthian will turn away from a profit or the chance to deal. They suffer no one or thing that will attack their shipping or trade factors on land, though 

they tenacious, dogged reputation for vengeance is more known on the sea than without. The Cirthian League Guilds are famous, but mistakenly thought of as one great, singular entity. In truth, they are small 

and consist of little more than a family. Those with a common interest build ties to bond into one guild but fight to keep their individuality. The Merchants Guild, for example, is the most numerous and 

powerful in its influence, yet is made of hundreds of smaller guilds, some of which are further broken down even more. Religion & Power: The nation is religiously closed with the deities Borsala, Cat-Of-Fire, 

Boreas, and Tamareth dominating. Magik is viewed well and applied as is the technology they know. Psychic power is rarely spoken of and despised. Spiritualism is a source of fear and attraction to leaguers. 

Prejudices & Fears: Cirthian leaguers worry about guild connections and their status within the guild, seeing this as a vast factor in life.

Cyndyra 

	Background: Cyndyra is a young, squabbling nation broken away from Höhenaré and Zirhaine during a time of chaos and fighting. Still very young as a nation, Cyndyra is barely two generations removed from is 

founding. Dress & Decoration: Cyndyrans have abandoned the traditional burnoose and thigh length boots, and accepted differing garb more in common with the tunics and robes of the Zirhaine. The change has built

 a growing schism between the older, more traditional heads still in power and the younger generation making the change. Outlook: Cyndyra has not forgotten its desert heritage, even if the last two cycles have 

seen a departure from this thinking in many ways. The hot-blooded tempers and zest for life inherent in the Kurjian live on in the Cyndyra. Just like their ancestors, the more modern Cyndyra are a wild, fierce,

 headstrong people. They live fully and well, perhaps because their lifespan tends to be shorter than other Humans in Khaora as most die in their late forties and early fifties. Cyndyra have not forgotten the 

rules of the desert that was their home for some long, and are just as quick to move, both in celebration and in conflict, and now cities instead of tribes fight amongst each other. Still, somehow they can do 

so without ever losing the sense of cheerful camaraderie that dominates the personal relations between them all. Society: Cyndyra is a mélange of people, where the self-styled emperor rules more as one among 

equals than with overriding power. Leadership goes to whoever can sway enough of the other semiautonomous provinces into following his lead. Its culture is still under great change, constantly defining and 

redefining its identity with every year. The Cyndyra no live and move in tribes, largely independent of each other save when they meet to trade or join in battle against a common foe. Cities are growing, 

expanding beyond a place of meeting, trade, and government and into where the many of the nomadic people choose to live. Organized trade it beginning, first with the Dwarves of Tremble Heart in their 

underground cities (even though they are nominally part of Cyndyra, they reject the idea and act almost entirely autonomous) and now to their neighbors, especially the Shinda-Khai of the Skohrzaki Domain, whom 

they have old ties. Religion & Power: Religiously open and disorganized with the varying religions of Pegonus, Jurakk, Skirin, Saren, and Sunsagora in power. Technology, magik, spiritualism, and psychic are 

viewed tolerably and used where applicable with some suspicion. Prejudices & Fears: Clothing styles are not the only way the latest generations of Cyndyrans are changing this new nation. With nothing beyond the

 old traditions and habits to define their culture, younger Cyndyrans are seeking out new thoughts, ideas, and ways of living life. Cyndyrans are rather sensitive towards persecution or maligning due to their 

desert origins, even though they are embracing a new life beyond the desert. They tend to become deadly serious and vindictive in these situations and respond with the sharp edge of their Tulwar.

Dallasta 

Background: Dallasta has only recently sprung to life again, after a period of dominance by Chrysolia, so many changes are expected as the cycles of time progress. The separation was recent and Chrysolia has 

fought the break away of the land that was once part of their realm with all their passion. Dress & Decoration: Clothing comes in many fashions in Dallasta depending on social status. Dallastans retained the 

use of the lèlèmon, though they call this voluminous, long quilted garment a hosseamelé. Heavy enough to provide warmth and repellent to inclement weather, the hosseamelé is equally cool in heated times if the 

wearer looses the fastenings and allows it to billow and stir in the wind. Outlook: Something purely Dallastan in origin is their sangfroid. They have the stiff upper lip and seeming endless capacity to put up 

with unspeakable and terrible hardships, embracing it with a cheerfulness that is almost pathological in intensity. Society: Dallasta is a nation centralized under a queen and supported by a ruling class of 

wealthy nobles, civilians, and successful military leaders. The government as a whole is run in a militaristic and authoritarian style, where laws are strict but fair and even, applying upwards as well as down.

 Many of the mechanisms in place in Dallasta retain their strong roots to Chrysolia and the laws are very similar at this time. All nobility of the realm are landed, currently through the queen's will, and she 

has handed over lands to many victorious generals who have won battles against Chrysolia. She favors the title of siege lord, like her rival Chrysolia, and hands them out frequently to those who gain favor in 

her sight. The old noble lines of Dallasta have sprung anew, but the queen has not said one way or another whether these lines will gain her acceptance, as she retains all power to accept or deny the right of 

noble blood to bear weapons, own land, and make war in her name. Queen Adrailese is very visibly bitter toward many of the old nobility of Dallasta for their failure to keep her family in power, and the Nine 

Lords, those who betrayed Dallasta near its fall and fled the field before Chrysolia at the end of the War of Sorrows bear her eternal ill will. Perhaps only the chivalric ideals she learned in Talafar has kept

 her from outright annihilation many of the older noble lines that have crept back into Dallasta proclaiming their allegiance and desire to serve the queen (as well as gain their lands and prestige back). Her 

desires are not certain on this yet and they play a dangerous game lengthened by the continued warring with Chrysolia that distracts the queen. The queen rules with a firm, personal hand in the affairs of all 

her nobility and people, something neither of which are familiar to either of them. She has a special core of envoys she calls Salamanders, which are the direct extension of her will to the nobility. Drawn from

 their own ranks and from a select few she designates, she uses them to support nobles she likes or prepare the path to halt any rebellion of discord, and any number of other things. Queen Adrailese also has 

another very new sect of ambassadors she sends out to the commoners called the Queen's Hand. This organization is semi-military and is heavily picketed with religions and their priests. Still, the queen desires

 they go out to the people to bolster support for the cause of Dallasta, and for her, personally, so as to not have a return of the acid feelings under her family that caused the Nine Lords to break on the 

field and her grandfather's own brother to turn against him. They spread the word of her policies and ensure people know why and for whom they fight. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the religions of 

Megalon, Vanaan, Lady of the Silver Moon, and Ta-Taru in power. Technology, magik, spiritualism, and psychic power are viewed with suspicion if not negatively regarded as dishonorable. Prejudices & Fears: The 

pedigree of a person's line is important in Dallasta, a carry over from Chrysolia not yet stamped out.

Dreaming Isles 

Background: The history of the Dreaming Isles is old, its hoary origins written in blood, misery, and evil. The first kingdom ruling its shores was a bitter darkness that blighted the islands and mainland, 

carving out a great empire. It fell in the chaos that revolved around the Interstellar Wars but another empire soon rose to power on the isles. They too were heirs to a dark legacy, perhaps taken from the ones 

who had dwelled on the isles before them. This empire, while similar in style was nowhere as powerful or grand, and fell as the Shadow of the One cast its dark shadow over the land. Overmatched, it decayed in 

its grip and was gone, fallen into history. Others have come and gone but the latest nation to claim the throne of the islands is a brighter one than most. Even so it still lies in the shadow of the darkness 

that will never quite shake from the islands. Nowhere near as ambitious as its predecessors, this nation has stayed sleepily content with its internal disputes and lazy colonizing of the islands stretching 

eastward. This has afforded enough adventure for its adventuresome and given an outlet for the restless feeling that dominates many in the land. Dress & Decoration: The people wear fitted tunics, hose, or 

breeches and often tasseled robes embroidered with small repeated patterns or rosettes. Headbands of wool, stone, gold or metal usually accompanies and shows status. Boots predominate due to the old scourge of 

snakes on the island. Islanders are fond of lacing, buttons, and ties to secure clothing and enjoy the use of brocade, velvets, and other materials to add style and taste to clothing. Outlook: Islanders in 

general are quiet, tenacious, and scholarly, but equally enjoy games, races and athletic and military pursuits. The theatre is highly enjoyed in the isles as is displays of magik and technology, where many an 

enterprising inventor or aspiring wizard can often find sponsorship by an admiring patron. While of calm mien mainly, if they should feel their honor is besmirched, or another sullies the family name, it could 

spark off a decadeslong blood feud. To counter these frequently bloody decimations, ceremony has grown around ending feuds during one of the many festivals of the islands, where aggrieved parties can seek 

satisfaction or pardon during this time. Society: The Dreaming isles are a vibrant land, sleepily content in its superiority of the seas and the lands it controls. While in the past the kingdom dabbled in 

colonialism, the spur to do so has long passed and they regard their most successful colony, Ghorfar, with a mix of condescension and a little pride. The individual islands are considered provinces governed by 

nobles who give fealty to the monarch. Most grants of nobility are titular and without lands, but the families involved often can stretch the history of their bloodlines deep into the past. The play between the

 nobles is an old game, sleepily played in languorous plots and stratagems whose original goals are long lost after they are played to the end. The nobility have formed parties and platforms in which to 

influence and pressure the throne, often having a great say in the politics languidly whirling around the kingdom. The current leading party is stiffly opposed to anything outside their nationalistic drive and 

for colonizing further in the islands dotting the great eastern ocean. Religion & Power: The nation is religiously closed with Tamareth, Ta-Taru, Borsala, Megalon, and Azaerawe in power. Recent religious 

dissention has ripped the lands and the growing conflict is a tangible atmosphere in the isles. The monarch is angered that many of the populace do not share his view of the goddess Tamareth. He has reacted 

poorly to the response of his people towards his newfound religion. Violence is very likely to erupt over the issue, especially from the followers of Ta-Taru who previously held the position as state religion. 

Magik is prominent, well regarded, and considered is a fine profession. Technology is more subtly seen in society, though engineers are as equally regarded as wizards. Spiritualism and psychic power are well 

regarded but player a lesser role due to the dominance of magik and technology. Prejudices & Fears: Islanders feel superior to other nations and peoples and are not afraid to let it show in conversation or 

actions. This has led to more than one conflict with other nations, specially the Misty Isles and its former colonies.

Entraghar 

Background: Entraghar was a feudal aristocracy until the end of the Nexus Wars catapulted their society into chaos. When the anarchy ended, Entraghar and its ideals were born into the world. At first, the rule 

by many was chaos but it soon formed into a smooth (if slow) process. Most Entraghari live on the Ceruyi plains though some settlements lie elsewhere, usually for military or economic reasons. The fact most of 

southern Entraghar is not easily inhabitable is a strong reason why it is still theirs. Armandoria, on the other hand, has sighted Entraghar as a land that must come under the domination of the snake priests, 

and is pressing hard on its borders, economically and militarily. Entraghar in turn has entreated both the kings of Tharkhala and Arvalessa for assistance, and both have responded, Arvalessa by broadening 

economic ties and Tharkhala by applying pressure along the shared border Armandoria and against its ships on the Silver Sea. Dress & Decoration: Entraghari clothing is more utilitarian than decorative, and 

somewhat plain. They wear simple tunics with low or high boots (around knee level). They also wear trousers and shirts with equal facility but strive for usefulness over decoration every time. Entraghari use 

belts, straps, and ties frequently in their dress but no buttons. Hats are popular and various of styles are prevalent. Outlook: While dour at times, the Entraghari can and do open up and are less restrained at

 times. Society: Entraghari are a plain dealing, plain speaking folk with a hard time understanding why others take offense at their brusque manner. They do not write down anything and the Entraghari tongue has

 no written equivalent. This stems from a widely held belief that writing withers the mind and makes it weak. When they must write something down, it is done in another tongue. This is avoided, as much as 

possible, of course as an Entraghari would rather speak to a brilneutsa to have them remember than write something down! Using brilneutsa for such things is normal for Entraghari and they fulfill this niche for

 Entraghari society acting like living books to record history, things of importance or the mundane. What goes for a government in Entraghar is done by popular vote, where blocks of people, or schetsa, meet to 

ponder decisions. Every schetsa has a representative, called a cuelblic, which is a post given to one of their number to speak on behalf of the schetsa for a two-cycle. The cuelblic meets other cuelblic in a 

larger schetsa, with one of their number taking it to the next schetsa, until a majority of the people has decided on the issue. The ponderousness of their government is such that it takes years just to make a 

simple decision most of the time. The sheer ponderousness of their government is often their undoing and their inability to decide on timely issues is likely their death in the face of repeated push of 

Armandorian aggression. After periods of distinguished service, a cuelblic is often offered to act as loxlimore for the country. Loxlimores are what goes for nobility in Entraghar and act as a council of 

representatives to deal with other nations, accepting proposals or proposing measures for voting by the Entraghari to other nations. While they serve in times of peace and normalcy, Entraghari has always 

understood expediency. In these times of need, a kieurkl is elected. A kieurkl is a purely temporary post allowing for a shortcut of the system and is typically done in military situations, such as the current 

fracas with Armandoria. Life in Entraghar revolves around work and they have a 12 to 14 hour workday, working from when light strikes the mountains till it descends beyond the land. Industry is a way of life 

for the Entraghari. They believe powerfully in the toil of the hand, working faithfully at anything they turn their minds to do, even if the task is not the most efficient. It's a mindset ingrained in them. 

Religion & Power: Religiously open with the religions of Silver Lady, Brabnalda, and Diora in strongest. Technology and psychic power is looked upon with suspicion while magik is respected. Spiritualism is 

understated and deeply ingrained in society but also pointedly ignored unless and avoided unless circumstance doesn't allow. Prejudices & Fears: Entraghari are very uncomfortable around mysticism, spiritualism 

and spirits and act accordingly. Entraghari love hounds and canines of all types and it's a national passion. They prize canines and use them in every aspect of their lives and work. Dogs serve next to soldiers

 in attack packs trained to drag down enemies, especially magik using ones. They work in the fields and help herd animals. They serve in many portions of an Entraghari's life and this fact is something their 

society forgets little. Canine breeders are very well respected and have a definite niche in Entraghari society.

Falohyr 

Background: Falohyr is an old nation, with a sense of destiny extending back into the crumbling pages of history. The land was not always known by the name Falohyr but it has always played a part, by design or 

fate, in the tapestry of events surrounding Khaora. Beyond its interesting early history, Falohyr is best known for its part played in the beginning of the Nexus Wars. Its sages are attributed with discovering 

the nexus gates in Arduin. This proclamation prompted the beginning of the 10,000-year long period of wars, battles, and conflicts called the Nexus Wars, which only finally ended after the signing of the 

Accords of Arduin. When peace was finally brokered were among the first to come to the peace table. Their willingness to lay down the sword gave more than one other nation pause to consider as well. Falohyr 

also played an important, if neutral part in the Gods Flood in Khorsar. They chose not to seize land from Khorsar in the confusion of her flooding by the hand of the gods. The monarchs returning to power in 

Khorsar took note of their neutrality and overtures of peace have been considered between the two normally hostile nations. Dress & Decoration: Falohyrian dress is related to Morvaenian dress, and the universal

 fitted tunic, trouser and hood is common in Falohyr. Beyond the basic tunic, men and women alike wear full length cloaks caught at the throat or over the shoulder, and women favor long bands of cloth wrapped 

around the body to compliment open or tight shirts and vests. In the south around the Prismatic Mountains women have taken to wearing a form of mini toga over the upper body, using the folds to indicate marital

 status and fertility. This is a new fashion introduced by trade but few others have taken hold against the traditional garb. Outlook: Falohyrians are great believers in the ordainment of fate. Falohyrians tend

 to value their strength and wits above all things, and see weakness as something to be eradicated. This makes others more than not see Falohyrians as aggressive, arrogant, and quick to temper. Falohyrians have

 a very strong sense of nationalism that will even come before blood feuds should invaders or outsiders threaten the land of their fathers. Falohyrians also display a strong commitment to their family and their

 noble rulers. Falohyrians will take this to an extreme level, sometimes living through the actions of nobles as if their lives have no meaning or value to them. Society: The monarch seated on the Gryphon 

Throne rules the land with a feudal hold over landed nobles who plot and liaison against one another and surrounding countries. The Colleges and Guilds have a very strong hold in Falohyr, involved in politics 

at one level or another, mixing with the noblemen and the king to gain advantage and influence. Falohyr's location in the heart of the continent provides it with several natural borders in the north and south 

that provides protection, and allows it to concentrate on expanding its influence. The requirement by the crown for all nobles to have lands commensurate with their titles has fired younger sons for generations

 to push against the borders and each other to carve away lands. Positioned between the two mountain chains (The Prismatic and Heaven Wall), as well as the Withered Lands provide only few outlets for 

enthusiastic nobles desiring to expand their domains or for those who struggle to attain noble status. This puts them in direct conflict with the neighboring states, and the kingdom is on uneven footing with 

one or another, if not both at any given time. A powerful fact of Falohyrian life is the omnipresent religion of the Earth Mother, Amarydion. Her priestesses play a mediating influence on the lives of 

Falohyrians, often quelling the flames of war and avarice –usually to suit their own devices. More than once they have equally raised banners to chastise the neighboring counties. From Arduin to Khorsar, each 

has felt the bite of her call to arms. Aside from their kingdom wide influence in politics, the religion of the Earth Mother is highly regarded by the commoners of the land, and features heavily in their lives,

 especially those who dwell in rural areas. The Elven nobles are on the rise in Falohyr again, and are the cause of current events in the kingdom. Many Elves moved into the land both during and after the Nexus 

Wars. At one point, an Elven king sat on the Gryphon Throne until removed by a council of nobles. This was a bloody time in history for Falohyr and the act shattered the power of the Elven nobles in the land. 

Yet, over time and with great patience they have reemerged and grown strong once again. The Gryphon King watches them carefully, as do many of the other noble coalitions to see what moves may come from their 

growing strength. They fear many things, not the least of which is a traitorous selling out to Arduin, taking with them the Prismatic Mountain range region of Falohyr. Vridkrea is the national sport and pastime

 in Falohyr. Every city and settlement of any size has a permanent courtyard for vridkrea, and smaller hamlets and villages have somewhere they use as a temporary one. The rules are simple: differing teams 

attempt to move a hard ball into an opposing team's part of the court and strike one of three markers set for this purpose. This is more difficult than it appears, as they cannot use their hands, feet, or 

shins. While any number of teams can play only one ball is in play at a time. Once a team looses its three markers, they are eliminated from play. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the religions of 

Amarydion, Emerald Star Cult, and Eru prominent in order of strength. Falohyr is the seat of power for Amarydion and the religion is dominant but allows for other religions without persecution. Technology, 

spiritualism, psychic powers and magik are viewed well and applied in life where possible. Prejudices & Fears: The belief in the weaving of the skein of one's life is strong, and Falohyrians know the futility 

in struggling against one's fate with a finality that reaches into their bones. Their belief plays in many aspects in their lives especially concerning their status in life. Falohyrians will accept without 

struggle their birthright, well or bad as it may be, but do not lay down the fight. Belief in destiny takes many forms and Falohyrians have split along all the different lines of thought behind each. This 

factor more than any other grips the lives of Falohyrians, noble or not, and dictates their path in the pursuit of life and destiny. In this disparity of views, there are two major divisions of thought. Fate 

preordains a person's lot in life, and whatever is given is in the weave. The other is a polar opposite and decries such acceptance, saying the skein of life is woven indeed, but its weave is unknown to any but

 the gods. Only in the search and struggle can an individual find the path set before his or her feet in the tapestry of life.

Ghandamahl 

Background: Ghandamahl is a land where the earth holds spirits of the departed and groans with the weight of the dead. Its very earth is a deep, dark soil changed by the uneasy sleep of those departed. Sentient

 beings that die and pass on here do not go to the eternal limbo between the ethereal plane and the world but instead are trapped in the dark, dark soil of the land. Dress & Decoration: Clothing is subdued 

except during celebration, when it is bright and joyful. The number, beauty, and display of layers of clothing are used to display wealth, for males and females alike. The very rich often resemble decorated 

peacocks when dressing to impress. Ghandamahli usually wear coats, trousers, and skirts. Their clothing is usually made of cotton, linen and silk. The colors are usually black and blue, and the styles are 

usually very simple. Ghandamahli wear shoes but only in travel or harsh terrain. Otherwise, they go barefoot or wear sandals. They also have a traditional torso wrap made of silk that is roughly shaped like a 

fan. The width of the fan is wrapped around the waist and often tied with a silk belt while accompanying silk ties come together behind the neck. Outlook: The people have a heavy belief in spiritual worship 

because of this and appeasing the spirits is a powerful and necessary belief. Not doing so can incur the wrath of the spirits who rise and cause mischief, destruction, or deaths. This is an omnipresent fear for

 the Ghandamahli and they walk, work, and live with this constant presence in mind. There are entire regions of Ghandamahl is unoccupied due to events in the past that have angered enough spirits that they rise

 up and devastate the dwellings of an area or wrench the life from the living. Considered haunted, cursed, and worse, Ghandamahli call them Nibûlu Guéngo, or ‘wretched earth' and avoid them at all cost. 

Sometimes other things cause such a place to appear, most often plague or battles between armies: two things Ghandamahli avoid at all costs. Ghandamahl has not entered a war for such reasons for ten-cycles 

because of this very fact. If the despoiling oppression of the land was self-contained, Ghandamahl's adjacent countries would little care under what yoke Ghandamahl toils. This is not the case. Instead, yearly 

the influence of the land creeps farther and farther out, inching into lands of other countries and creating angst between Ghandamahl and its close neighbors. Due to the affliction in their land, Ghandamahli 

have learned to control their appetites and emotions. Ghandamahli will keep calm and peaceful miens at all times, and only the greatest of terrors or happiness moves them. No matter their inner turmoil, they 

keep such chaos within. . They speak with subtle undertones and dislike speaking directly. Their meta-language is full of innuendos, subtleties, and overtones to intimate the myriad layers upon layers of 

communication the Ghandamahli apply when they converse. Society: Everyone who is born in Ghandamahl understands the weight of destiny and their future. All things are set on the wheel of fate and its track is 

preordained. People are born into a particular class determined almost wholly by accident of birth, and the professions open to them are limited accordingly. The highest nobles are those born in the class of 

the Heavens. As they are within the house of the divine, they have large and manifest powers. This class can own large amounts of land and are often in a high position in government or in the court of 

aristocrats that rule the land. Sometimes both positions can reside with a single noble but this a rare occurrence as Ghandamahli identify highly with their positions. While the government posts take care of 

the affairs of country, the court of aristocrats administers to the people. They determine many things for Ghandamahli but perhaps their greatest power lies in full session. Here a full court can raise or 

demote a person deserving to a higher class, or undeserving to a lower one. This power is never used without debate and prior proceedings, for it means the council of aristocrats is changing the fate and 

destiny for an individual – something never done lightly. The next class of Ghandamahl is of the Land. This is the middle nobility, moderately wealthy and owners of land. To them is given the duties of caring 

for the land of Ghandamahl and to quell and lay rest the spirits. Many of these middle nobles are wizards, priests, rune weavers, and rune singers. In their hands is given the lands and its talents, one of 

which is the power of magik and the ability to act as channels of the gods. They are given great respect for their talents as well as the tasks given to their care by fate. Below class of the Land is that of 

the Salt, and it numbers among the most numerous of the castes. This caste is what goes for the middle class of Ghandamahl and includes all the merchants, selfemployed, artisans, farmers, peasants, and all 

others not slaves. These are literally the salt or lifeblood of Ghandamahl. They are the commoners of Ghandamahl and care for all things that drive and nurture the land. Slaves fell into the class of Beasts, 

and are treated as such, though care is taken so as they are not slain to return as a restless spirits poisoning the land. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the religions of animism, spiritualism, Xuanth,

 Vedic Mysteries, and Shagrath dominating. Technology is little known, psychic powers are considered to come from spiritual possession but magik is well regarded Prejudices & Fears: Ghandamahli fear the 

spirits, for their power and respect them accordingly.

Ghorfar 

Background: Ghorfar is a vibrant monarchy standing as the north most civilized nation on the continent. The country is a land with distinct ancient ties to the Dreaming Isles; protected by the high shoulders of

 mountains and its strong army, Ghorfar is a fertile, vibrant country of powerful magicians and plentiful nobility. Dress & Decoration: Ghorfarians wear fitted tunics, hose, or breeches and often gilded robes 

embroidered with small repeated patterns or designs. Silk or linen chemises and under tunics are common garments in the winter months as well as the addition of heavy furs or cloaks. Headbands of wool, stone, 

gold or metal usually accompanies and shows status. Boots predominate due to the land and the clime. Ghorfarians use buttons, hooks and ties to secure clothing, use fur trimming, layers of material, heavy 

padding, and other materials and tricks for warm against the weather and to add style and taste. Outlook: Education is highly respected and Ghorfarians have a national pride in their language, both for its 

widespread use and recognition as one of the premier arcane tongues for wizards. Society: Ghorfar is a feudal patrilineal monarchy with High Council of Lords as the primary operating arm of the government. On 

the council sits the twelve Dukes of the land as well as a thirteenth, who is the current monarch of the land. The High Council supports one family or another to the position of Arch Duke who is then crowned 

for a cycle's worth of time. Theoretically, one family could hold the position for hundreds of years if they could keep up council support during the period. In actuality, an unwritten agreement between all the

 Ducal Houses allows every family to have the crown, in turn, on a rotating basis to prevent the eruption of feuds or such domination by one Ducal house. This ensures no one family can become the absolute power

 in the land and everyone shares in the royal wealth. The chosen monarch leaves their Duchy to take up residence in the royal palace at the nation's capitol of Corybyar. He parts the strings of connection with 

his Ducal armies, an important fact enforced in ceremony and oaths to the gods. This stems from early years where Arch Dukes attempted to rule the land by combining their previous armies with the standing royal

 force. Under each Duke are a number of titled nobility such as Barons, Marquis, Counts, Siege Lords, and landless knights. Those claiming knighthood usually only have largely symbolic and hereditary titles 

handed down from father to son. This is not always the case and a few landed knights still exist in the Ghorfarian noble roles. Landed nobility are required to maintain troops, appoint magistrates, and tend to 

their lands for the kingdom. The nobility also leverage for positions of power within the economic framework of Ghorfar. This ambition and competition couples with intrigue to gain power, resulting in fierce, 

even deadly contests of will. Each of the cities and large walled towns in Ghorfar has semi-autonomous mercantile councils rule to run them. Each Guild has a representative on the council and the council then 

appoints a city mayor. These mayors answer directly to the crown, bypassing other noble authorities and provide an outlet to the crown around the other nobles. Gladiatorial games are very popular and all cities

 have arenas of one size or another. A majority of the games are non-lethal but the heart of the games is the fighting between the gladiators. The gladiators are drawn from the ranks of condemned men, usually 

prisoners taken in war, escaped slaves, and other such possibilities, but in their number are a few who come to compete by choice or predilection. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities Borsala, 

Skirin, Megalon, Lady of the Silver Moon, Fahde, and Justinorn dominating. Technology is known but seen more the provenance of ancient times than the current. Magik is the true power and it overshadows all 

others, keeping spiritualism and psychic power in its shadow. Prejudices & Fears: Deodanths were at one time quite a scourge in certain areas of Ghorfar. After a period of bloody warfare and a treaty 800 years 

ago, Deodanths have all but faded away from the minds of Ghorfarians. Still, lone travelers and small parties occasionally disappear, and the ‘Black Demons That Walk Like Men' are the dread bogeyman to all 

Ghorfarians to this day. Ghorfarians feel they are the true heirs to the legacy of the Dreaming Isles and fight with Chund over this fact. Ghorfarians believe they are the best in the magikal arts and take 

affront when others do not agree with this belief.

Höhenaré 

Background: Sickened by the depredations of the great wars wrestling across the land especially in the south around Arduin entire families of Elves uprooted from ancestral lands and moved northward. Some left 

by choice and others with the specter of death and murder chasing behind them eager to dine on their bones. South of the Shangulurians and west of the Tremble Heart Mountains in the deep forests others looked 

upon with fear, a home was made. Höhenaré grew into nation over time, the differing Elves finding comfort in the company of one another, and soon formed a new nation under a new king. Not without challenge, of 

course, as not all looked eagerly upon another Elven nation, or mistakenly thought the Elves may have taken the secret of the Nexus Gates with them to their new home. Eventually, the wars ground to a halt and 

when the Arduin Accords where signed, Höhenaré was among the first to agree, for many within her forested realm once called Arduin home. Times were good then as the world sought surcease from battle and the 

flags of war adorned halls instead of the fields of battle. Höhenaré felt the touch of peace for the first in a long time and they have fought to maintain it since. Dress & Decoration: Functionality is the 

central idea behind most forms of Höhenaré dress. Riders typically wear soft hide trousers, which lace in the front and commonly accompanied by a belt that is hung with pouches. The Höhenaré linen shirts lace 

at the neck and are close fitting. Boots are worn to give added traction and softness to the step while keeping the feet relatively cool. Many Höhenaré wear light cloaks or caps pinned at the neck, shoulder, or

 both. For times of ceremony, Höhenaré will don a long robe, elaborately worked with thread into patterns of life and made of the finest material available. Höhenaré revel in the use of color to compliment and 

enhance their forms. They enjoy the entire range of color and apply such hues to everything they make or use. Equally fond in Höhenaré culture is the arrangement of hair and its decoration for the same purpose.

 Outlook: Höhenaré guard their cities and their land as carefully as they guard their children and see them with almost an equal paternal light. Frequently, a Höhenaré will declare his city with equal pride as 

his nation, counting it in part of his lineage. Höhenaré are proud and happy but not in an overly frivolous way. They delight in the land, enjoying its bounty, and horses, which they hold quite dearly. Long 

lived, they have patient view, but if angered will the grudge for a millennium. As a nation of mostly Elven composition, they are a rarity in a world of more populous races and are extremely unremorseful in 

what it takes to ensure their sovereignty stays intact. They learned well this need in the Nexus Wars, and many of the Elves that seeded Höhenaré had roots in that fair Elven country. Watching their homeland 

bleed Elven blood and die under the hands of invaders has emphasized the need for control and deterrence on a scale none dare threaten. This need has Höhenaré Elves leaving their home every year, seeking the 

world for the lost Elven treasures, hoping that in the relics lost in the past wars there lays the hope to ensure Elven survival through the threat of overwhelming retaliation. This drive has a nation soul and 

totally consumes many Elves. Society: Höhenaré is greatly isolationistic, though events have pulled it from this state many times. Quarrelsome neighbors such as Hyrkhalla, Morvaen, and even Kyr push and jibe to

 expand their borders, thrust to do so by the internal and external pressures of their individual nations. While all these nations and others have invaded, none have pierced the verdure fastness of the Silver 

Shang that keeps Höhenaré strong. The Silver Shang Forest is the redoubt and strength of Höhenaré, and almost all the cities of the land lie within its canopied stretch. Their cities are considered quite 

beautiful (or despised, depending on your outlook) and are engineering marvels blending a mix of wood and stone into fantastic creations. Höhenaré build with the pulse of the world, taking advantage of what 

Khaas has provided and rarely alter the course of the land or the forest to suit their own needs. They build cautiously, taking time to sculpt wondrous creations, enhancing architecture with their skill to give

 a sense of openness, solidity, and beauty in everything. Religion & Power: Höhenaré is religiously closed with the religions of Eru, Pegonus, and Piadahr the strongest. Magik is considered the true power, 

especially rune magik while technology and psychic power are considered lesser. Spiritualism has a low level influence on all things and is well accepted, if little spoken with foreigners. Prejudices & Fears: 

They fear the loss of their homeland and feel powerfully all things Elven should be in Elven hands and no others.

Hyrkhalla 

Background: Hyrkhalla is a bloody, vibrant nation with a checkered history of broken promises and aggression, well known for their savagery in battle and ruthless, blunt diplomacy. Heir to a bloody and violent 

history, Hyrkhalla sits north of Viruelandia and contests with the great nation as well as all of its neighbors. The fighting is almost good-natured on by the Hyrkhallians, and they bear no grudges if they 

loose, which happens more often due to internal strife than anything else. More than once Zirhaine, Viruelandia or Höhenaré has felt the savaging of Hyrkhallian teeth, only to find them leaving the field to 

deal with some internal strife not too long after. Dress & Decoration: Hyrkhallian garb is rustic and simple when compared to more flowery dressing of Morvaen or Viruelandia, and the Hyrkhalla tend to be snide 

in this lack of appreciation for different nations' garb. Standard garments for Hyrkhalla is sturdy trousers with an open tunic fastened by a belt, often studded with metal or stones to show wealth or status. 

Hyrkhallians in general are not inclined towards non-military accouterments but do still seem to enjoy small, unembellished ornaments of ivory, bone, and like materials, especially fillets and holders for their

 hair, which they wear in long braids. Outlook: The intrigue and scandal often found in other courts is regularly seen lacking in Hyrkhalla. They are direct to the point of bluntness and often coarse in speech 

and manner. They are aggressive to one another and to outsiders, and their system of law is as equally aggressive and final as their culture. Strength and power matters more than truth or justice, and all too 

often those with either of the two can get away with murder, rape, theft, and other criminal activities. Disrespect, however, is one arena where all are seen equal, especially when it concerns women. While men 

are often openly contemptuous towards one another as a display of bravado or companionship, this does not apply to women, even women warriors. Here is where no Hyrkhallian will brook disrespect towards a woman.

 If she bears arms, she is expected to seek her own justice. If she does not, then those who do and witness the act will do it for her. Aside from this archaism, women of the land are considered same as men in 

all ways – fighting equally, living equally and having the same rights to nobility and the continuation of their line. Society: Hyrkhalla is sometimes called Wolf's Land, primarily due it's soldiers who wear 

the full pelt of wolf: head, tail and all, and wear the teeth, claws, eyes as accouterments. Their savagery in battle is matched only by their fierceness of culture. Hyrkhallians dwell under a loose form of 

monarchy with a king that switches every few years due to the many bloody skirmishes that break out over the wolfshead crown. Monarchs are usually drawn from the domains among what Hyrkhallians consider nobles,

 though this is not always the case. Attaining nobility in Hyrkhalla tends to lean towards slaying whoever is in charge of the area you want to claim and declaring yourself in charge instead. Equally occurring 

is the usurpation of lands through the strength of arms or dominance of politics. The Hyrkhalla practice Lgarytiet, where one noble with enough power can subjugate another and form a bond of servitude. Those 

bound to service under the Lygarytiet are considered one with their Srlminyor (lord) as far as an accounting of lands, warriors or goods. Such bonds are only broken by death or the passage of ten generations. 

Hyrkhalla has no strong social divide outside of the gulf between those free and those who dwell in slavery. Their society breaks approximately along three lines: the nobility (including the King and his 

immediate family), the commoners (freemen, merchants and small landholders), and the enslaved. Nobility are the primary landholders and tend to possess the most sizeable expanses of land. They are directly 

responsible to the current king (under Lygarytiet any noble beholden to another is considered one and the same as the Srlminyor in the relationship of the two) and collect taxes, muster troops and upkeep the 

land. The king maintains a large central army and no noble can exceed or match the size of its garrison (though some come close). Nobility are given great leeway (mainly because most kings find it is next to 

impossible to control them) in their affairs. A few things are considered sacrosanct and within the authority of the king alone. These are the right to declare peace between nobles, but this is only done during

 a state of war with another nation. The right to demand troops and while nobles can delay in providing troops they cannot refuse in providing them without invoking the enmity of all other nobles in the land 

and paving the path for the king to declare them a hndyn-conryl, or diseased wolf. Lastly, the king has the right to demand a noble provide a show of force. When a Hyrkhallian King demands a show of force, he 

is checking a noble's loyalty. The king sends an amount of his own troops to garrison the noble's lands and protect them from any harm while the self same noble musters his own soldiers and appears on the 

Succubi Plains (if in the north) or the Silver Boar Plains (in the south). This tactic has been used several times in Hyrkhalla's past to end more than one presumptuous noble's life. Religion & Power: 

Religiously open with TylRhaen (state religion), Megalon, Machichrondahr, Bhar-Kanis, Fenris, Loki, Odin (Temple of Iron), and Amarydion dominating. Technology, Magik, psychic power and spiritualism are looked 

upon favorably and used when its advantage is clear, especially in battle. Prejudices & Fears: Wolflings are rare in Hyrkhalla but considered children of the gods, and treated with a near semi-divine reverence.

 This depth of feeling is a sword that cuts both ways though. Hyrkhallians expect from a Wolfling all those traits they imagine and venerate: almost divine ability in battle, courage and daring. A Wolfling can 

find a golden path in Hyrkhalla, the Wolf Land, but will find almost all Hyrkhallians testing them at every opportunity until their prowess is widely proven. Totally Opposite of the Wolflings is Deodanth: who 

is hated, reviled, and bitterly attacked on first sight. The Black Demons that Walk on Two Legs are universally despised and given no mercy by any lest they be given the same punishment levied upon the Black 

Demons. Deodanth are shriven, quartered, burned, and the ashes of their remains thrown into the rivers.

Isles Of Fire 

Background: The Isles of Fire is a small nation growing into something beyond a few squabbling settlements on the slopes of the mountains. Dress & Decoration: Islander garb is simple and practical, revolving 

around what is useful to the time of season and the activity involved. Outlook: The isles have seen many cultures come and go, swallowed in eruptions of the volcanoes that thrust from the land like kings. The 

current dominant culture is formed of Khai Zirin. While at first it was difficult to survive, the Khai Zirin took the challenge of living on the volcanic isles with a zest unmatched by any previous residents, 

adapting well to the cold climate and frequent eruptions. Society: The Isles of Fire have only recently struggled back to any form of recognition as a nation. Their existence so far north and the belief that 

the eruption of Broken Top annihilated the islands left them forgotten to the memory of others. Cirthian League merchant captains, sailing the old routes, discovered the destruction was an error, and reopened 

the old routes to these islands once more. Matriarchic rule powers the land, and the different settlements and towns rule individually. Females are the only ones typically seen outside of communities, and 

overall are a martial group, oriented towards battle and survival as their prime focus in life. In all other ways, the culture is very similar to a typical Khai Zirin society. The few other groups of struggling

 races are organized along who ever is the strongest and can provide for the others. Most of them are ragtag groups with semi-permanent homes or crude dwellings in wall enclosures. Religion & Power: Religiously

 open with the gods Cat-Of-Fire and Borsala prominent. Magik and technology is accepted and used. Prejudices & Fears: Islanders do not tolerate filth or bad manners, responding quickly to such events with great

 energy. The islanders are strongly superstitious, fearful of spirits and spiritual activity.

Ithalos 

Background: Ithalos is an old country with a distinguished history, known for its political and diplomatic acumen in all situations. Ithalos has a proud history of people who have left their mark on the broad 

scope of history. Its current cycle of history is one of isolationism. Dress & Decoration: Ithalosians wear warm, woolen cloaks over sleeveless tunics, shirts, and trousers bloused over or into boots or even 

breeches in the warmer months of the year. Color is worn to best reflect an individual's appearance and to suit the time of the year. Women use combs in their hair. Outlook: Ithalosians enjoy knowledge and 

mystery, and typically are quite secretive about themselves while inquisitive of others. The art of spying and investigation is a high form here, and the fight to preserve privacy while piercing another's is 

something the Ithalosians do daily without thought. While typically diplomatic and subtle about it, from time to time pride is bent and honor besmirched; the source of most of the battles and duels in the land.

 Discussion of philosophy and the debate of existence is an exercise all Ithalosians often partake. It fits into the general belief in their superiority to all others in the matters of art, diplomacy, and 

intellect. They are consummate diplomats and have mastered the subtle pressures to a prime art. Sadly, this tends to only apply to foreigners, and Ithalosians are as ill tempered to each other as people are in 

other lands, the prized Ithalosian subtlety failing when dealing with one another. In contrast to their civilized and suave manner, Ithalosians delight in the barbaric displays of the arena. Beyond games of 

sport, races, and like displays, are the criminal gladiators, sentenced to fight in the arena as a punishment for most serious crimes. Perhaps most telling of Ithalosian growing fanaticism about the games is 

the many crimes ordinarily sentenced with death or long imprisonment are converting to sentences to fight in the arena. While this has a growing following in Ithalos, the arena games are by no means their only 

outlet for fun or recreation. Wrestling, or Ithalosian Coichit, is a particularly well-held pastime and wrestlers are quite accomplished. Society: The Ithalosian monarchy is based on a royal family whose 

bloodline is unbroken from the beginning of Ithalosian history. The royal family actively practices polygamy where it is otherwise illegal to do so under their laws. This has kept the royal family with frequent

 sons and daughters and ensured the royal line continues. Those who marry into the royal family are heavily scrutinized prior to admission and must be established nobility, i.e. landed families whose unbroken 

bloodlines stretch back at least 2250 years. All Ithalosian nobility is landed, and no new noble houses have been established in many years. The last house founded in Ithalos is still considered new, even 

though their founding was 5000 years ago! Nobles handle a majority of low-level administration in the government, and the problems they cannot handle are elevated to the royal courts. They are also required to 

raise armies, taxes, and defend the land granted to them by the throne. All power stems from the throne or the crown and strict adherence to this fact is expected. Nobles swear to the throne or the crown (they 

are synonymous) instead of a monarch to demonstrate the perpetuity of the ruling line and not an individual king or queen. The expectation of younger nobles to serve the crown militarily is common, and many do 

so, earning distinguished positions and awards. This is the accepted path for young knights and noble sons, especially coals and stones of royal families. Coals are those noble sons that are extra to the 

perpetuity of the line but needed just in case. Stones are the bastards, by blows, or are just so far removed that they are near equivalent to the first two. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the gods 

Diora, Megalon, Machichrondahr, Amarydion, Galidos, Jaiquell prominent. Magik is accepted but psychic power is used widely in Ithalos. Spiritualism and technology are known but little used or regarded, seen as 

inferior to mental power and magik. Prejudices & Fears: Ithalosians also do not tolerate filth, bad manners or shoddy workmanship, or anything else beneath their station. Streets and buildings in Ithalos are 

orderly and clean, the almost reflexive disdain for poor, dilapidated conditions and shoddiness ensuring it. Those who do not cling to this thinking are considered worthy of nothing but their uttermost 

contempt. Ithalosian arrogance is legendary and they are wont to turn a nose at what they consider squalor among other people.

Khandruzia 

Background: The mist wrapped lands of Khandruzia are an overlooked land. Few seem to recall it sits on the edge of the Hidden Sea, wrapped in the garment of creeping fogs that crawl out of the mysterious Fog 

Door and off the Hidden Sea. Those who give thought to Khandruzia call it a haunted land, stilled with an unnatural silence whose roots seem to dig to the very core of Khaas. As an afterthought, it might be 

added that Khandruzia is the White Land, or the Land of the Dead. Perhaps for the chalky earth, unnerving silence or just for the streaming, oddly moving mists that twirl off the Hidden Sea. Yet, for all its 

mysteriousness, Khandruzia is a land of beauty: stark but compelling if somewhat strange. Dress & Decoration: Clothing in Khandruzian is eminently practical though they enjoy the display of colors and will 

often combine hues to make some startling contrasts. A form of the nettle grows in Khandruzia, known locally as the psuro, and its fibers are split into strands most know as Khandruzian Silk. Such silk creates 

garments that have an iridescent sheen, especially when they are exposed to sunlight. The garments they create are warm when cold and cool when hot, something extremely important to Khandruzians due to their 

inclement weather. They also make excellent waterproof parkas and coats from this stuff and wear both often. Outlook: Regardless of where they dwell, Khandruzians are xenophobic and little trusting by habit, 

predilection, and survival. The land they dwell in is hostile, though not malevolent, but the eternal war with the land to survive, eke out of life, and struggle beyond such basics has scarred all Khandruzians.

 What little modern song and literature that exists dwells heavily on the angst of life, its burden, and the numbness of the Khandruzian soul. Khandruzians sometimes say they bear the burden of the melancholy 

of life, which considering their generally gloomy exteriors may not be far from the truth. Society: Khandruzian government is less a cohesive rule than a loose allegiance of cities that rule autonomously. Power

 is solely what they can forge and whosoever rules does so via the influence they can project. Khandruzian past is filled with greatness, where once their cities where a mighty nation that brought fear into the

 hearts of others. Deep in the heart of every Khandruzian lies the hope the greatness of the past will rise again. This call to redefine a new glory similar to the old frequently defines the individual leaders 

that now rule and even the powerful blocks of guilds like those that bicker and war in the coastal city of Ymyra. Religion & Power: Khandruzians are open to any power, whatever it may be and reject nothing. 

They have no defined religious majority and tend to favor and honor all gods, seeking to offend none. Prejudices & Fears: Khandruzians mate only shortly, long enough to bear children, which one parent or 

another takes and then both part ways. When the children are close to majority, the parent leaves them on their own, often quite abruptly. While the timing of this parting varies, it is inevitable, accepted, 

and considered normal in Khandruzia.

Khorkhroé 

Background: Khorkhroé is an almost purely Dwarven-Gnome nation organized under a loose confederacy of clans. The two dour and taciturn races suit each other well and have formed a strong relationship. The 

majority of the kingdom lies under the Shattered Moon Mountains, and the entrances to these subterranean realms are sheltered in deep and heavily fortified caves fashioned into design similar to the mouths of 

great beasts, though some other motifs dominate as well. Two cities lay above ground and both extremely fortified against attack. These are more occupied by Gnomes than Dwarves though each is represented well 

both above and belowground. The two cities are the seats of trade for the nation, though the capital and perhaps the most important city, Krökken, lies below, hidden to all foreign eyes but a few diplomats and 

visitors. Beyond the two open sky cities open for trade, the rest of the nation is considered closed to all foreigners upon the penalty of enslavement or death, and not a pleasant one either. Dress & 

Decoration: Khorkhroé favor long beards and mustaches, valuing their beards highly. Clothing tends to be simple and functional, using earth tones, and their cloth is considered rough by many other races. 

Khorkhroé will wear 1 or more pieces of jewelry, though these items are usually not of any great value or very ostentatious. Outlook: The Khorkhroé claim what is theirs and defend it without regard to any form 

of rightness or wrongness. A Khorkhroé whose mind is made over a subject is unmovable. Society: The Khorkhroé are very full of their selfimportance. This bleeds over heavily into their interclan politics, which

 are rife with conflict. The rotating selection of a clan to lead the nation for two cycles is the most frequently wrangled over issue among them though trade and legal issues arise as the next to savage 

categories. While typically bloodless, more than one death by dueling or plain overriding anger over slights or believed wrongs has occurred. The savage political infighting is unseen by all but a few foreign 

diplomats and the Khorkhroé are happy to keep it that way. They guard their privacy with the same vigor they guard their lands, laws, and goods. Religion & Power: Khorkhroé is a religiously closed land that 

reveres Heldoré, Borsala, and Falhaine in order of strength. They have a deep love of technology rivaled only by magik, especially rune magik. Spiritualism is known and tolerated but more a nuisance than 

anything else. Psychic power is known and understood but invokes unease. Prejudices & Fears: The Khorkhroé have always lived in the Broken Moon Mountains and this gives them strength against any situation, no 

matter how dire.

Khorsar 

Background: Khorsar is a homogenous land, with deep Dwarven holds in the Grey Mountains, wide ranging tribes on the plains that spread from the base of the Heaven Wall Mountains along, and high, walled cities 

in the fertile fields and banks of the rivers that nurture its land. The land is vibrant and strong, rich in history, national pride, and filled with fierce people unyielding to any hand but their own on the 

path to fulfill their grand destiny. Dress & Decoration: The Khorsarian overcoat is a leather garment used universally by Khorsarians in all walks of life. The overcoat is durable and has a padded lining that 

keeps you warm in the cold and allows ventilation in the hot. The common fare of adventurers and explorers, the overcoat is a widely exported icon of Khorsarian culture. Outlook: Khorsarians are known for their

 pride and energy, but just as equally for their intemperance and reckless natures. Khorsarians abhor all technology and feel uneasy using even something as complex as a crossbow. The Great Inundation left a 

powerful fear and anger towards all things technological, regardless if most could not determine the difference between magik and technology. It is very common mistake made, and one that could easily incite a 

mob, ready to tear the offender from limb to limb. Gray Mountain Dwarves are perhaps the only exception to this view, a sort of lopsidedness to the Khorsarian mindset. As they returned to the country and fought

 Morvaenian annexation, they are given some leeway by the general populace and allowed more tolerance. Society: In Khorsar's past, the land's rulers, not listening to signs and portents, cracked open the 

bindings of strange arcane technology taught by learned masters that came from far away via the Nexus Gates in Arduin. The magik of this crafting of metals, minerals, and essences burned through the land like 

fire on dry grassland. So enamored with this technology were the Khorsar that they turned away from the temples and thanes of the gods. Angered, the gods opened the firmament, sending streamers of water 

pounding on the heart of the land like hammers. In a day, from the Tourmaline Mountains to the Soul Moon Mountains, all was covered under water. The Great Inundation did not stop for a year, though it slackened

 greatly after the first day. The heart of the great kingdom was swallowed in water; her people swept away and with them the teachers and the arcane technology. The rivers crawled like worms across the land, 

shifting in their banks, some at times even running backwards as the wrath from above pounded the land low. When the rains ceased the land lay raw and exposed, covered with a grey sheet of water from the Grey 

Mountains to the Heaven Wall Mountains near the ancient Oakendark Forest. The kingdom lay in ruins, its people scattered to the winds and its civilization wrecked and ripe for the picking by the vultures of its

 enemies that lay in wait. In the 75 years passing as the waters receded, many Khorsar fled, feeling their homeland cursed. That true to Khorsar, even against what they thought was the god's will, stayed and 

fought against Morvaen, weathered the whispers of alliance by Arduin to the Grey Mountains and many others. Hope sprung from the knowledge of a living heir to the royal line, who was rallying people to him in 

the country of Ithalos. Under his lead, the fierce horse riders of Khorsar and her people returned, amazed so much survived and mourning that which was destroyed. While the land lived anew with grass and 

flower, and the trees surviving the deluge raised palsied leaves to the sky, the Tyranchor Mountains were ringed with waters and the cities and settlements on the plain and heath were cast down in ruins. 

Rebuilding was harsh, but the king returned to his throne, assuming the ancestral powers given to the kings. There was much battle particularly with Morvaen. Only after 30 years of fighting were the Morvaenians

 pushed back to the Orichalcum Mountains. Only time, rebuilding, and war could return Khorsar to its prior heritage and her people took to this challenge with a will. Almost one hundred years would pass before 

Khorsar would feel her glory shine once more. Religion & Power: Khorsarians revere Pegonus, Megalon, Eru, Piadahr, and the Lady of the Silver Moon. They accept magik, spiritualism and psychic powers but abhor 

technology. The Khorsar have not forgotten, however, why the calamity was wrought, and are unceasingly vigilant in destroying technology. Prejudices & Fears: Khorsarians are an open people but have evolved a 

fierce protectiveness of territory, especially in light of history in their land. They have sworn to never fail again and love no instruction not their own.

Kovolla 

Background: Kovolla is a barbaric society formed in the bonding of people invading from Chund and the wild tribes fighting this invasion of their land. Dress & Decoration: Men wear simple loincloths when doing 

heavy manual labor or loose trousers and shirts. Women wear the same attire, though village or town women typically cling to Chundian influenced garb. Headbands adorn brows and button, ties, lacing and pins 

attire clothing more to decorate than to hold close or fasten down garments. Kovollians favor bright colors, and dyed silks. Outlook: The Kovolla are as varied as the seasons, viewing events in superlatives, 

moved by surges of passion. Nothing is felt or done in moderation. Every battle is the deadliest, every act the epitome of possibility, and so forth. The joyful aspect of this approach to life is evident in the

 many festivals and celebrations they hold each year. The stark side of this attitude is felt in their inner turmoil, high suicide rate and violence outbursts. A famous Chundian philosopher once liken the 

Kovolla as akin to a storm – like those found often on the Stormy Sea. He said, ‘their blood moves hot, a spicy heritage born out of the mixture of boiling, barbaric blood and searing Chundian lines. The 

Kovolla hate us and despise Chund for what they feel is a dominator's hand around their throats. Yet, if the truth is told, we Chundians created them, these little storms that rage on the land, who are so much 

like the sudden storms that spin into being so seeming instantly like they do on the Stormy Sea, born in the conflagration of wind, water, and the gods…” Running is a common pastime and a race between 

Kovollians is a frequent scene. It's indicative of the level of activity seen in all Kovollians, and they seem to burst into frenzied energy without much warning to foreigners. Other Kovollians understand the 

need for the burning off of energy so as to not to explode and rage like mindless beasts. Such acts are accepted and Kovollians may burst into song, dance, frenziedly gyrate or just out and out run as if all 

life stood in the balance, then, just as instantly as they started return to back where they started as if nothing occurred. Society: Among the Kovolla, the Sthíngi is king. He is supported or hindered by a 

number of princes responsible for their ancestral territories, a compromise born out of necessity to bond the wandering tribes into one people with a single face toward the enemy – an enemy whose name is Chund.

 To meld his people into one capable of defeating the Chund, Sraerig the first, the great Sthíngi of history, ensured all tribes had a voice by granting princely status to their leaders and establishing the 

boundaries of the ancestral lands. These lands were given separate from open land, which was given over to the Sthíngi but available for all Kovollians to use. Thus, the clans could have ancestral land of their

 own, which no other clan could transgress without permission while retaining sufficient lands for grazing, agriculture, and growth in the open lands. Lesser nobles receive their power and land grants from the 

princes they serve, but this is generally a confirmation of traditional land ownership and authority more than the confirmation of titles. Those blessed with the blood of Sraerig receive their authority direct 

from the king, and are the most loyal and influential of the aristocracy in the country. Even though the central government of the land is established in Kovolla, the real business of the wild realm is 

conducted on a local basis under the watchful eyes of a network of minor nobles and land-holding aristocrats Religion & Power: Spiritualism is the prime religion among Kovollians. However, the gods Skirin, 

Justinorn, Khrom, and Malkuss have a following as well. Magik, technology and psychic powers are seen as extensions of spiritual mysticism. Prejudices & Fears: The Kovolla continue to practice headhunting as a 

cultural institution, evolving from ancient days of inter-tribal warfare among the wild, powerful Merü. Young warriors of the tribes commonly proved their worth by severing the heads of enemies as a rite of 

passage to manhood, rivaled only by the rites of death, where a chosen relative releases an older relative in the fullness of his life before old age takes its toll. Despite the fact the custom persists and 

causes trouble in times of peace, youths aspiring to win the head hunter feathers like their fathers, sometimes attack strangers without apparent cause, and in times of peace. Among the Kovollians, the wild 

Merü, or any other tribe, fair retribution is simply exacted by taking a head in return. The Dhorsai do as they have always done, exact vengeance in ten times the deed, to teach any who would be their enemies 

the meaning of remorse and fear.

Kozangi Dales 

Background: Many often see the Kozangi Dales as a brooding land with a mysterious and somewhat sinister air. In truth, this is not assisted by the inscrutable miens of the inhabitants, who when out of their 

country are often closed and forbidding to the curious. In their own land, they are quite different to both strangers and friends alike, open in greetings of ‘Falhaine!' and the traditional wide spread gesture 

of arms that is the sign of peace and friendship in the dales. Dress & Decoration: Kozangi Dale's folk wear headscarves frequently and have an art out of wrapping them well and fashionably. Women will wear the 

traditional double dress with flaring angel's wings sleeves when not infected with foreign styles or the more abbreviate short garbs for the privacy of their homes or gardens. Men traditionally wear a form of 

straight leg pant with tunic, usually cotton, or linen. Outlook: Reverence for Falhaine is given daily and all the land comes to a quiet reverent peace during this time. Those trespassing on this hour are often

 slain outright with no quarter. Falhaine, the word of their faith, is used openly though never in cursing or oaths unless greatly moved or unless deadly serious. Society: The Kozangi Dales is an ordered, 

sensual land, caught up in religious fervor and ancient traditions. Dales' folk are full of contradictions, a swirling paradox of countering contradictory rituals and traditions. They are strong in their 

sentiments towards cowardice, accepting death in order to avoid its taint on life and family. In full opposition is the allowance for self-destruction: the path of protesting a great misfortune or a way to 

redeem honor or status. Polygamy is common, a badge of wealth and status. Male or female may partake of this custom, though prestige is still marked through the male line. The myriad Kozangi Dale habitual 

requirements for bathing, the cleaning, and rituals around that may freely touch their clothing without contamination are legion. Those of the realm have a strong belief in the old tales, sometimes viewing the 

world they dwell in as a dream, which must be lived through until a return to paradise. This view built out of the land's slow merging with the continent of Khaora across periods of time when it was present 

here and present in their previous land. The final convulse of the decaying nexus thrust them utterly into Khaas, an event they remember with fear and trepidation. To them, paradise is the land of the 

forefathers, the lost land – beyond reach in this world but not in the next. The dead are seen with a mixture of reverence and fear and only those consigned to death (typically any with fatal diseases) may 

touch the dead freely; afflicted of its taint already. There are exceptions to this, such as on the battlefield and in ceremony. Bodies are burned on high towers to release their spirits from the grip of the 

earth after a period to allow the carrion crows to pick at their flesh and release that might be evil bound within their corpse. Religion & Power: The Kozangi Dales are closed religiously and follow Falhaine. 

Other deities are not revered though they may be acknowledged, like the vast ranks of spirits are recognized and honored, though not worshipped. Technology is little known and regarded with neutrality. Magik 

holds a respected place but fills people with unease if displayed openly or ostentatiously. Psychic powers are respected and seen as an outlet of faith. Prejudices & Fears: The Kozangi Dales folk have a 

powerful collection of beliefs around crows, ravens, and rooks. These creatures flock in great numbers to the dales and are provided with a certain reverence since they are seen as part of the transition for 

the dead. By law, none can slay one of these creatures unless the cause is clear and public before witnesses. The penalty is slow disembowelment followed by the staking out for the selfsame birds to devour 

alive.

Kyr 

Background: Kyr is a rich society of horse clans who gave up the traditional nomadic life on the grassy plains for a more settled life. The Kyrian kingdom is a collection of these clans who, by consensus, 

accept the rule of a titular king. One clan or another tends to dominate the situation, as the monarchy is handed to the most able, well thought of, and desiring among the clans. Dress & Decoration: Kyrians 

wear clothes made of leather and wool, warm coats, and furs as their cloaks. Women mirror men if they are a martial bent or wear different dresses and skirts, which are usually made of leather. Decorations are 

sought in jewels and bands of beaten metal and leather. Outlook: Kyrians, by and large, are hardworking, patient, polite, honest, and very friendly. Somewhat civilized, the Kyr are still wild and free at heart,

 spending a lot of time in battle, ranging the grasslands, fighting in the mountains or the desert. The Kyr have a strong urge towards primacy that stirs in every one of them, male or female. Every Kyrian 

thinks that his or her own family, clan, or city is better than any other. This leads to competition and rivalry, frequently culminating in duels of spears, bloodshed, and sometimes inter-clan warfare. This 

competition is even seen in dress, and particularly amongst the warriors and hunters, centering in war trophies or badges of ability, as they try to earn and thus wear more and more elaborate and bravery tokens

 to demonstrate their prowess and courage. Men and women contend almost on equal footing in Kyr, and many warrior women and huntresses are found in the ranks of the Kyrian horse clans. Society: Kyrians have 

truly phenomenal memories due to their predilection for not writing anything down (their language has no written form). Every Kyrian learns the role of his or her ancestors, something they hold in great 

reverence. The worship of the forefathers is powerful in the land, and even those Kyrians who cleave to the gods have a deepseated belief in the power of their ancestors to sway the future and influence the 

present. Physically they often seen as quite attractive by foreigners, dark skinned, with deep, down-sloping eyes, and a usually convivial air. They are not well known for pleasant body aromas, however, since 

bathing does not hold high esteem among them. Kyrians are lucky to bath once a month and are wont to use a fermented concoction made of horse urine, fermented grass beads, barley wine, and other unpalatable 

stuff as a cleanser that many find offensive to the nose. They are accomplished singers and dancers. The traditional songs of the Kyrian riders are a rich content including lyrics, epics and folk songs. Many of

 the poems, legends, proverbs and fables have been handed down among the Kyr for centuries and form the basis for their teaching. Religion & Power: Kyr is religiously open with the deities of Pegonus, Malkuss, 

Amarydion, and shamanistic ancestor-worshiper as the primary religions. Technology is little known and ill regarded. Magik holds a respected place but fills people with unease. Psychic powers are either mixed 

with magik or feared as bizarre manifestations. Prejudices & Fears: Slavery is held with great contempt among the Kyr, both for those who take slaves and for those who are or become slaves. So strong is their 

antipathy that should they become slaves, a Kyrian must cleanse himself by taking the Curse of Seven, climbing Ikün Mountain, or survive the Blessing of Pegonus. The Curse of Seven is undertaking to slay those 

who seek to enslave others until a number equal to seven times seven the number of days enslaved is achieved. Those under this terrible oath write its curse on their chest and forehead. The Ikün Mountain path 

is usually taken by those with a more religious, arcane, or musical bent. The mountain manifests rapidly changing localized nexuses, usually of the entropic or one-way sort, and typically without indicating 

their presence. Worse, a side effect of some of the nexus has inverted time in localized regions, sending it spinning forward, backward, or in multifold directions within its sphere. Those who take the Blessing

 of Pegonus seek out the great herds of crown horses (named for the crown like marking on their chests) and must survive a charge of such a herd while plunking a hair from the crown stamp of a horse as it 

passes.

Maelshyra 

Background: To think of Maelshyra is to imagine great merchant families involved in large-scale trade. The Maelshyra are a strongly mercantile island nation heavily embroiled in the local politics, which is 

striving to dominate the local region through subtlety and economic power. Dress & Decoration: Maelshyraen clothing uses mantles and hoods, mainly due to the rainfall and squalls that find the island. Kirtles 

and tunics are common, usually made from anything ranging from coarse fabric to silks. Straight leg pants or loose trousers also are used. Boots are commonplace and laced, just like all their clothing, which 

was predominantly laced with a few items using buttons. Outlook: Maelshyra seeks economic dominance but the vision of the rulers and the people is much localized to the region and a Maelshyraen trader may pass 

by a more lucrative distant venture to build a bond with those closer to home. The kingdom and its merchants seek less the coin or gem and more the influence and power to dictate the region. Society: 

Maelshyraen families long ago drew close to defend against the ravaging predators of their island, and those who came from the sea. This filial integrity has not died over the numerous cycles of cycles, not 

when they sailed the seas and traveled the lands during the 10,000 Years War, and not today. In a way because of this time in their history, a Maelshyraen family consists of anyone who can tie their bloodlines 

together three deep. These same ties, built strong by the depredations of the past are what have built the family units that later evolved into mini-guild units, bound together for economic and worldly 

survival. These units of family organized guilds are what possess the warehouses on the docks in the cities and towns of the isle, and usually own one or more ships that ply the waters in trade or adventure. 

Some of the families are concentrated more on internal trade than external. These merchant guild families are generally smaller, consist chiefly of self-employed shopkeepers, bondsmen, and like trades. They are

 overshadowed by the landed families, which stand as the agricultural backbone of the isle. The smaller landed families are usually concerned with growing such crops as rice for their own support, perhaps 

selling some surplus. Greater landed families on the other hand, possess larger estates and hire workers, usually drawing from the pool of unskilled labor always present or slaves. Besides food crops, this pool

 of labor or slaves is involved in the production of the famous spices of Maelshyra for export. The laboring ranks are those whose members lack property and must therefore seek employment or (in the case of 

independent artisans) rent space from those of higher societal standing. The kingdom of Maelshyra is in theory an absolute monarchy: the king's word is law, his will the necessary authority, and his swords arm 

the executor of its power. In truth, this is not entirely true and the monarch draws heavily on many sources to ensure proper guidance for the kingdom. Subservient to the king are the bureaucracy of royal 

officials who come largely from the king's own family, followed by those in his favor, the military leadership (which comes largely from the landed merchants), and the provincial rulers of the island. 

Provincial rulers are named after the four mighty peaks of the Bitter Guardian Mountains. The peaks are Lurokinkhan, Brokinkhan, Dokkalmanthan, and Xenodichtkhan, and each ruler is know by the respective peak, 

taking the name of the peak in place of his or her own. Each provincial ruler is like the king in miniature for his or her region, having organized beneath him a small bureaucracy, local militia, and the heads 

of the major landowning families of his province. Religion & Power: Maelshyra is religiously closed with Borsala, Falhaine, Skirin, and the Lady of the Silver Moon in order of strength dominating the land. 

Magik is respected and beloved in the land and spiritualism has an honored but mostly ignored role. Technology and psychic power are equally respected but equally ignored due to the cultural preference for 

magik more than anything else. Prejudices & Fears: Maelshyraens look upon all non-islanders as inferior but rarely project this feeling except in non-vocal, dismissive ways. An irrational national fear is that 

of a tsunami which will sweep away all of Maelshyra. They also have a deep seated fear of demons.

Malgoreem 

Background: Malgoreem is a fiercely independent land, home to nomadic tribes with old roots in the Hamz Aleph, as well as Windri tribesmen who call the region home from ancient times. Dress & Decoration: No 

singular mode of dress exists. Malgoreem is as chaotic and polyglot in dress as everything else. Outlook: The most well known attributes of the Malgoreem people are found among the wandering tribesmen and the 

nomadic Windri. The tribesmen have a strong belief in eating the flesh of enemies, especially treasured ones. The other is the veneration for equines, which they carry to extremes, treasuring them even over 

blood and kin. The nomadic Windri are segregated from the civilized Malgoreem due to their open reverence for were-creatures of all kinds, respecting this ability as a gift of the gods instead of some vile 

inflicted curse. Society: The entire nation is one of contrasts – civilized outposts and sprawling demesnes intermingled with nomadic roaming tribesman and subterranean redoubts. What the outsider to Malgoreem 

sees is the rank and file of dukes, lords and princes that unite to form the patchwork government of the land. It is their mobile infantry, with javelineers, and body length, shielded spear-wielding warriors 

that outsiders remember and know beyond its borders, not the flesh eating revered mystics of the wandering tribesmen, or the respect those of were-kind are given among the nomadic Windri. In addition to these 

soldiers, the outsider sees the badges and patchwork of dozens of mercenary groups, as it is rare for a town or stead not to supplement their forces with mercenaries. Religion & Power: Religiously open with 

animism and spiritualism as the over arching prime religion. Technology is next to nonexistent for Malgoreem but they know and respect all other powers even if they utilize them little. Prejudices & Fears: 

Malgoreem, especially the nomadic ones hold an unreasoning fear that the land will open and swallow the world some day in the future. They openly accept were creatures as a gift instead of a cursed and show 

respect to enemies by consuming their flesh.

Maragoré 

Background: Maragoré was a restless, but relatively stable kingdom, known for its tough, diverse people. A central king ruled over small provincial satrapies and as long as the central taxes were paid and the 

fighting internally was not too unbearable, the provinces and their races were left alone and the central government away. A time came however, where this was not enough and internal warring led the country to 

ruin and left a Urukk led horde of diverse races in its place, ruling the war ravaged bones of what is left of Maragoré. Dress & Decoration: The horde that exists in Maragoré has no singular means of dress or 

decoration. Outlook: While as varying in outlook as composition, every race in Maragoré seeks independence and autonomy and attacks with savage intensity any attempts to rebuild the old monarchy. Each racial 

group fights internally with the other over space and rights to land or spoils. Society: The entire region is chaos and what little social structure exists is a military driven one centered on the Urukk led 

forces that sacked capitol and nominally lead the horde. Religion & Power: No single belief exists and varying attitudes towards magik, religion, psychic power and technology exist. All races, however, view 

spiritualism with reverent awe and pay homage. Prejudices & Fears: The horde that exists in Maragoré has a wide ranging set of beliefs, prejudices and fears.

Marmachand 

Background: Marmachand is an old country whose reputation is the dark, sultry, and devious – feared by nations for its intrigues and magik. Its decadence is legendary, its actions noxious and intrigues legion. 

The reputation of the land, its darkness and fulsome coupling with the Gods of the Black Pantheon, lends much to the country's influence. History speaks of Marmachand like an omnipresent jewel, glittering in 

the dark with malevolent light. It featured in every defining portion of history, mentioned in scraps from the time of the Great Night War; murkily playing a part in the onset of the Interstellar Wars and 

supposedly, the road through which the Time Lords found Khaas and entered the world. During the Wars of Life they were present but more as carrion crows lurking on the edges. Marmachand lay with the One, 

finding avenues to power in its chilling shadow but quick to discard it when it withered and fell. The tales of Marmachand are legion and spoken everywhere evil lurks or night reigns. Marmachand likes to lurk 

behind the scenes, and rarely strikes overtly, seeking to move through others. Dress & Decoration: Clothing is subdued and Marmachandians usually wear coats, tunics, trousers, and skirts. Their clothing is 

usually made of cotton, linen and silk. Styles range from the very simple to exotic and complex. Marmachandians wear shoes, boots and any other footwear suits them. Clothing is a part of the intricate dance 

here and its wear, material, and cut are all portions of the communication ongoing between Marmachandians. Outlook: Marmachand is attributed with all evils in the eyes of those who despise and fear the country.

 More place than any, in the temperament and visage of the nobility is where this is evil most evident. To the noble Marmachandian life truly has no sanctity and is cheap coin spent freely in the many games 

that whirl around them as thickly as the shadows of winged messengers fluttering overhead in the cities. This play consumes them, the only true diversion from the other ghoulish appetites and desires 

commonplace and yet so drearily mundane. Slaves and slavery dominate everywhere, and they are squandered freely; a slave underfoot is killed without a glance to a guard, or forced to dance with heated metal 

shoes for amusement. Marmachandian appetite for slaves is unrivaled by any other nation of Khaora and they use the lives of slaves like water, demanding more to fill the chains, harems, and altars. Society: A 

stranger coming to Marmachand would expect a dark and shrouded land, with temples rising high towards the sky with screaming sacrificial victims whose hearts were torn beating from their chests. There is a land

 like such in Khaora, but it is not Marmachand. At first glance, on the exterior, Marmachand is like any other land in the south of Khaora. Warm, sometimes sweltering with people moving around caught up in the 

affairs of their lives. Yet, the exterior often veils what truly lies inside. Upon moving close, you can begin to see the intricate game of intrigue where each Marmachandian plays a part, where everyone expects

 to be used, from the highest noble to the lowest peasant. Each word uttered is weighed, every phrase spoken to give double, triple or even deeper level of meaning. Seemingly inane conversation is charged with 

spidery levels of innuendo, hinting at unfathomable dimensions of intrigue. The movement of the hands, the incline of the body or turn of the head are all aspects of the hidden level of communication occurring 

between Marmachandians. Everyone knows his or her part in the game. A farmer does not become a successful farmer because he farms well; nor is it the price of his crops or the breadth and richness of his 

harvest that determines his wealth. Altogether, other reasons play into his success. Families are large in Marmachand. Unconcerned parents often see their children disappear or taken; a child gone missing is 

nothing, or a person kidnapped for sacrifice. Victims find no succor in the people around and screaming echoing up and down the road for three nights is nothing of concern or attention as strange. There are no 

hard lines of heaviness, pain, sorrow or even surprise on the faces of passersby as they move around in their daily business and see a person ran down and flogged to death with barbed whips. A violent death at 

the very side of a diner is nothing out of the ordinary. Taverns look normal except for the screams coming from upstairs and the drip, drip, drip of blood from a pool on the ceiling. Priests of the Black 

Pantheon are everywhere and the return of the Elder Gods is a fact; only the time is uncertain. Religion & Power: Marmachand is religiously closed with the Black Pantheon dominating. Technology, psychic power 

and spiritualism are used as tools in the great game all Marmachandians play. Prejudices & Fears: Marmachandians have no regard to the sanctity of life and view the thought of afterlife with even less regard.

Misty Isles 

Background: The Misty Isles' history is full of strife, conflict, and war; all to satiate the well of aggressive energy islanders seem to have to one extent or another. The Mist Isles were once a tangle of 

separate nations until forged into one under the heavy fist of the first true queen. Her line, those of the blood of Deinomache, held sway for a great period, only wavering when the daughters of the final 

Deinomache queen both claimed the Mist Wind Throne. The battles between the two were called the Conflict of Queens and it tore the kingdom apart and led to both of their deaths. This break in the line of blood 

for the nation caused a titanic splintering of its folk whose effects are felt still in the Misty Isles. Thereafter, no single line of blood would ever hold the throne for more than three generations before 

another of the nobility would raise up to cast them down. The Misty Isles has figured prominently in much of history, stormily birthing many nations on the eastern coast, fighting with the Pandooris and 

Quawima, and participating in every major event starting with the Wars of Life and ending with the Nexus Wars. Recently, the Misty Isles overextended in a series of ventures and several cycles ago, and lost 

numerous colonies and the conquered land of Alazahr. In a play by the queen to cut the economic drain of some colonies on the islands, the country of Thund was returned to its people, as well as a few colonies 

in the Orichalcum Ocean. Dress & Decoration: The isles' clothing of choice is a tunic, and a long garment which could be a skirt around the waist, or drawn up to under or over the breast and sometimes held with

 a strap. Generally, the garment is referred to as an isles' wrap, or lislemondé. Some versions are full length with sleeves. Often the fabric is woven with gold thread for design, to indicate rank or nobility.

 Sandals are common though boots are a close and second favorite. While pragmatic in many ways, Misty Isles Amazons delight in accouterments of gold, silver, gemstones and like precious materials. The piercing 

of the ear, especially the left ear is important, as each piercing and decoration is to display an Amazon's fighting prowess in military service. The type of metal and form of the decoration all related whether

 an Amazon was an officer, marine, or corsair, or how they were decorated in the battle. The presence of a stone or a cluster of stones indicated the number of battles participated in and won. Outlook: 

Aggressive and energetic, Misty Islanders are always in conflict with others due to their intense drive. The competition and restless urge to conquest new lands and explore the world has many times caused war 

with other nations. Privateering is a thing of romance and fame within the islands and the Amazons take special delight in attacking Dreaming Isles ships. While strongly Amazonian, the Misty Isles allows for 

near equality of males in the regions it dominates. Men can hold rank, except those of the higher nobility or military; they can own citizenship as a woman can, and train in arms. Society: The isles society is 

egalitarian, though people tend to fall into one of three professions: fishermen, merchants, and sailors. Misty Isles sailors are held in higher esteem than other Amazons, as the island kingdom has a long 

tradition of sea faring and mastery of wind and wave. Misty Isle sailors are highly skilled, and command high prices for those who seek their expertise. The Queen rules the Misty Isles and is assisted by an 

oligarchic council, ranging at any given time from seven to fifteen. The Council draws its membership from known Misty Isles captains, selecting those known to be expert seafarers. Beneath the Council, 

magistrates and minor lords govern on a local level. The isles are by no means peaceful – the sheer energy of her people makes it impossible. The country has had numerous internal wars, such as the Misty 

Mountains War, the Three Banners War or the Conflict of Queens. Almost all of these stemmed from internal power struggles over who would attain the Mist Wind Throne. While proud on a national level, the isles 

are even more so on an island and regional level. Every woman in Misty Isles serves some time in the military, and many make entire careers of it. Noblewomen hold the ranks of officers, while those beneath them

 make up the enlisted ranks. At least two years of intense training and service in Misty Isles' military is demanded by the queen, after which the individual women may leave to pursue trade or continue 

militarily as a soldier. Moving around unarmed is not a tradition the Misty Isles holds, everyone always carries at least a dagger, and many bear the favored cutlass of the isles at their hip. Women who are not

 of the nobility are serfs, peasants, or citizens, although most serfs eventually attain peasant status through military service. From the age of 14 years, a woman who distinguishes herself can attain 

citizenship after four years of military duty, while most women who fall short of distinction can achieve the same status in six or eight years. Full citizenship with the right to vote is always granted after a

 decade of loyal service. Religion & Power: Religiously open with Borsala, Zindibindi, Athena, Artemis and Hekate (Olympic Mysteries) dominating in order of power. Technology and magik are respected and used, 

though unevenly across the islands. Psychic power is known but little seen widespread. Spiritualism is silently accepted, little spoken of but maintaining a diffusion and strong presence among the Amazons. 

Prejudices & Fears: The Islanders don't think they are the most premier people they know it and are not afraid to let the world know it too. The Islanders don't think they are the most premier people they know 

it to their sandals and are not afraid to let the world know it too.

Morvaen 

Background: Morvaen is an old land, inhabited many times by varying peoples over a great span of time. Among the geography of the kingdom is a multitude of ruins and relics commemorating or reminiscent of these

 lost people and kingdoms, which have come and gone. The Morvaen of current times is but a short interlude in the lands long history. Once firmly ruled by an all-powerful Great King, Morvaen has watched the 

erosion of the crown's power over the debilitating Wars of When, until the greater nobility had almost equal power with the king. The Guilds took power away from both, especially in the advent of prosperity 

after the end of the Wars of When. The coming of HIM and the growth of power of its priesthood stole power from all when the priests swayed the people of the land. Dress & Decoration: Clothing in the kingdom 

varies by season but tends toward the heavy and full covering regardless. Trousers are everyday wear accompanied by fitted tunics and hoods or semicircular cloaks pinned at the neck or shoulder. Nobles tend to 

wear an under tunic, an over tunic with a colored silk border, trousers gartered into leather calf high boots, semi-circular cloaks and colored round cloth caps. All Morvaenians, regardless of social status 

have at least one decent set of clothing, which is pulled out for festivals, religious events, and ceremonies of the nobility. Outlook: Morvaenians are proud, filled with great confidence of the power of their 

nation. They are expansionistic and focused on use the advantage their geographic position provides. Society: The nation of Morvaen holds a treasured position central to almost all the other nations on Khaora. 

The country has a four-way power structure: a weak central king who only nominally controls the land, primarily through his army, which is the largest in the land, though several dukes are almost at parity. The

 nobility, mainly the seven strong Dukes and the Barons who owe them fealty are then next portion of the power structure, and hold a great portion of the reins of power, ruling from their own provincial 

capitols. There is some minor strife amongst each other but given an outside source they always band together to attack or repel enemies. The third portion of the four major powers is the religious aspect, the 

religion and congregation of the church of HIM. Over ninety percent of the population in Morvaen follows this divinity devoutly, and the priesthoods sway over the people and control over the technology in the 

country. The priesthood of HIM maintains strict control on technology outside of their direction. The last of the hands on the reigns of power is the commercial Guilds, especially the trader's and gun maker's 

Guilds. Morvaen's central location on the continent has made it an important confluence of trading companies. The king has control of the roads in the land, another factor in maintaining his portion of control.

 The Dukes, Barons and Lords beneath them all operate on a fiefdom system, though a majority of the Barons and Lords owe direct allegiance to their dukes, not to the king. Some do owe allegiance directly to the

 king and are his few allies in the nobles. The nobility holds the majority of assets in the kingdom but field out a quarter of their assets to the priesthood of HIM. The priesthood in turn keeps the people 

happy by using half of the monies to throw festivals, circuses, and to provide food. The Guilds keep a strong influence on other by controlling trade to an extent and threatening boycotts, blockades, or even 

hiring mercenaries to ensure their assets are left alone and grievances are settled. A majority of populace is poor and locked into a serf or tenant status. Those in towns are of commoner status and slightly 

better off than their tenant equivalents in the rural areas. A smaller portion is freeholder, man at arms, craftsman, or merchant and lead relatively decent lives. Religion & Power: Morvaen is religiously 

closed with HIM, Emerald Star Cult and Marbonas the primary deities in order of strength. Few religions openly declare themselves as most (90%) of the country follow the church of HIM. Technology is understood,

 applied and very well regarded, often more so than magik, which is acknowledged and used. Spiritualism is poorly understood, viewed with a sense of dread and fear among all but the most rural or in tune with 

the wild. Prejudices & Fears: While the Faerie are known within their lands Morvaenians fear them even more than they do spirits.

Myrmydios 

Background: This mountainous country has stood for tens of turns of the cycle as the stalwart ally of Arduin, and played a crucial factor towards uniting other nations to accept the idea of the Accords of 

Arduin when they were proposed. Dress & Decoration: Clothing reflects the closed mindset of the land, and is uninspired and rather drab, if practical. Most wear jerkins and tunics, with sturdy boots and the 

always-at-hand rope every Myrmydiosian carries. Hats are infrequent but smocks are common as well as long, padded or thickened cloaks for warmth and sleeping. Outlook: Myrmydiosians are subdued but attack life 

with a verve that takes no consideration for their own welfare or even their health. Society: Myrmydios has little to no flat land, and constitutes the length and breadth of the Myrmydios mountains, except 

where a small leg extends into Arduin and an over half the length of the Silver Shield mountains. The sturdy walled towns of this country exist in the steep, sharply angled valleys, or are in complexes deep 

beneath the surface of the mountains. The land is arduous to travel, and often difficult to live during the winter months, which is probably why it appeals to the many Dwarves, Gnomes, and other races of like 

temperament. Myrmydios consists of a confederation of nine cantonments. There is no central elected leader except in times of conflict or when all cantonments designate one. Each separate cantonment is 

independently governed. The country has as a whole has a very stable population, with little or no seasonal migration. This balance of population is one of the few countrywide laws, and no cantonment will allow

 more occupants than supportable by the region. Society in the cantonments is generally reserved and rather introverted, at least between areas. The flow of trade provides the primary exchange of people and 

ideas, that otherwise may not occur. Internal conflicts within Myrmydios are few, and low level when they occur between the cantonments. Religion & Power: The nation is religiously closed with a powerful 

adherence to Heldoré. Magik is respected, psychic powers are feared, and spiritualism invokes both wonder and fear while technology is considered highly. Prejudices & Fears: Myrmydiosians have a cultural 

suspicion of all foreigners and slow to trust and slower to forgive.

Old Krinnabröeng 

Background: They say that Krianna Wind Oath, the last true king of the kingdom of Krinnabröeng wept tears of pure silver at the news of the birth of twin half-elven sons. Those same sons, once his joy, turned 

to his sorrow and he died of heartbreak watching them tear his kingdom in twain. Kalesh took the North West and Malvia the south east and the once fertile land between became a dead, bloody battlefield, sown 

only with a snarling black briar. While split in hatred neither kingdom have wandered little from their previous roots and are still culturally similar except in small ways as noted below. Viridia, another 

nation once a part of Krinnabröeng split away from Malvia due to the king's treating with the Black Pantheon and Orcish mercenaries. Dress & Decoration: Clothing is simple and almost boring as the island nation

 sees good weather nearly all year around. Sandals are common though boots are used in the mountains and in battle. A good cloak is a must and used for warmth, a bed, to keep off the rain and dozens of other 

uses. A gentleman without a cloak, they say, is not a gentleman at all! Tattoos are symbols of bondage and little seen due to cultural abhorrence. Decoration is done mainly in ornamentation, like metal and 

“earthy” colors. Outlook: Water and bathing play a central role in life. Certain naming conventions are used to indicate famous lineage (nàl and the accumulation of various “n” in one's name). The times of Old 

Krinnabröeng are idolized, its faults blurred in the despairing face of the present, though authorities in Malvia and Kalesh savagely stomp out such cultural stirrings. Society: Building is uniform and while 

not drab is very unimpressive nonetheless. Cities are well organized and structured to capture, channel and utilize water is all ways. Clean water is in constant demand and kept and guarded in cisterns and 

watersheds. Roads are built high and well against stormy conditions. Such thoughts are equally used in life as in building and a person is just as likely to prepare for the ill winds of life in the same manner.

 The island land is very fertile and agriculture is a powerful economic strength. While both kingdoms war with one another constant, the war is distant for the majority of the population unless thrust in their 

face. The inhabitants of both kingdoms (Malvia and Kalesh) have relatives in either and a common sight on the battlefield is to so one's brother, cousin or children fighting for the other kingdom. Viridian 

society is almost purely elven and highly influences by the Faerie that have long lived in their realm, even when the same were nobles of Old Krinnabröeng.Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of 

Borsala, Amarydion, Eru, Xuanth and Megalon as the most powerful. Psychic powers are seen as something out of folk tales or mixed up with magik while magik is regarded well but with some unease due to the 

damage it has caused during the war. Technology is little known but feared due to the use by the Khorkhroé (except in Viridia). Prejudices & Fears: The thought of being unclean is a subtle but powerful 

influence and fear. They also scorn and see Dwarves, Gnomes, Hobbitts, and Kobbitts as inferior and loathe utterly Kobolds and Goblins. The antipathy invokes more abhorrence and disgust than action to rid the 

world of such things. Viridians are exceptions to the above in that they accept Dwarves, Gnomes, Hobbitts, and Kobbitts as equals but utterly despise Kobolds, Goblins, Urukk, and Orcs.

Orguria 

Background: The monarchy of Orguria is a long established line, with Elven and other blood mixed into the royal line several times in the past. The family of Liaana has stood strong over the cycles, caring for 

Orguria since its split from the Pandooris Empire in the Fifth Insurrection of Kings. Under the monarch is a structure of landed nobility, whose power and influence directly corresponds not necessarily to the 

breadth of their lands but to the amount of economic power they can bring into play. Dress & Decoration: Orgurian dress is a rugged jerkin over a soft, loose shirt tucked into breeches or trousers. An over 

tunic is worn for more serious or proper event, usually emblazoned with symbols or hued to display wealth and status. Orgurians favor hats and a dozen or more popular hats are fashionable at any one time. 

Metals and polished stone are commonplace on clothing as well as work in threat and embroidery to show status or wealth. Outlook: Orgurians take a serious approach on life and a determination to live well, 

taking life for what it can offer. While somewhat sober, Orgurians do have their moments of relaxation and hilarity. They enjoy mummers, plays, games, usually of chance; drinking, festivals, and just parties in

 general. Society: There are eighteen lines of distinction among the nobility, ranging from a base Sirel title, where the noble has small to medium lands and only insignificant economic power, to the 

Etjal-Sectuant, who has medium to large lands and has extensive, wide-ranging economic power. The Queen of the realm elevates or demotes the nobility in the eighteen positions of distinction, with advice from 

her council of mercantile, guild, and college advisors. The King in turn, only heeds advice from those who achieve at least ninth distinction, or Jal-Monsectual, and provides oversight to the Queen with his own

 select council of advisors. Under the nobility is the populace of Orguria, consisting of freeholders, tenants, craftsmen, merchants, and gentlemen of means. The Orgurian legal system is graduated, with worse 

and more extreme crimes climbing quickly along the ladder towards public dismemberment for capitol offenses. Minor violations such as petty theft or unlicensed magik use only require the levy of a fee for the 

offense. Weapons in Orguria are only for those who can afford them, and only the nobility or their guard can wear a blade longer than an arm's length within the town or city. Strangers are warned only once, 

typically when they enter the city to put away weapons exceeding this restriction. Citizens are expected to understand the law; both receive the same penalty if caught: 2 years on a king's galley rowing at the 

oars to move it across the sea, and forfeiture of personal goods to the crown. Religion & Power: Religiously open with Borsala, Boreas, Chu_khem, and Megalon as the strongest. Magik is considered a profession 

among Orgurians, and they disallow all practitioners from participating in political affairs if they have or had arcane training of any type. Those who attend to either the wizardry profession are considered 

‘ungrounded' and not suitable for political office. Priests, on the other hand,are considered outside the normal structure of affairs, and can speak directly to the king in a council set expressly aside for 

this purpose. Spiritualism is regarded as a part of religion and technology is blurred with magik. Prejudices & Fears: Fear the loss of national identity and in turn, personal identity. An undercurrent fear is 

the Pandooris Empire will rise again and swallow Orguria.

Panduria 

Background: Panduria is an older nation still vibrant in the face of several recent invasions, plagues, and economic downfalls. Previously part of the old Pandooris Empire, Panduria is heir to many of the 

traditions and the hearty, robust outlook of their forefathers. Dress & Decoration: Pandurians are generally cheerful and this reflects in their blend of clothing, though the traditional tunic-like apparel 

still predominates. It is within the law to carry a dagger, blade or small axe, and many Pandurians do so, especially in the rural areas. The bearing of weapons is less so in the urban regions, though it is a 

rare Pandurian without at least a dagger easily at hand. Outlook: The influence of heir forefathers, the Pandooris Kings flows powerfully in their veins and motivates them to build, conquer and expand as it did

 their ancestors. Schooling is looked upon with diligence and all Pandurians are expected to take two years of schooling before they reach majority. Those who expect to pass the tests of adulthood must at least

 know the rudiments of reading, writing and handle a weapon well enough to defend themselves. The only exceptions to weapon craft are those who have talent for the arcane or religious. Either of these is sent 

to institutions to develop the talent and is expect to serve four years in the Pandurian military after training. Society: From the original five who wrenched Panduria away from the Pandooris Kings, grew a 

singular line of rulers over the cycles, the line of Meachea. The lines of nobility have changed several times, totally reforming their bloodlines. While many of the Pandurian nobles claim unbroken lines of 

descent from the previous Pandooris Kings, all trace their achievement of nobility to the first Meachean king. Daalne Meachea reformed all the nobility into a landed and unlanded structure, and allowed for gift

 of a single generation title to highly successful generals, admirals and people of note. The landed nobility are the most powerful and wealthy, drawing upon the wealth of their lands as well as from the annual

 tithe. All nobility are given a portion of the annual tithe, with those of greater rank gaining a greater portion, since with each higher achievement of rank comes the responsibility to have troops ready to 

muster in times of war, internal revolt or plague. About a third of the populace is commoners who dwell in the towns and cities, and are split among freemen, craftsmen, and merchants. The vast majority of the 

population dwells in the rural expanses of Panduria in wide spread villages and small settlements under the wings of one noble or another. All of Panduria's land is portioned to one noble or another, and no 

land, regardless of how wild or dire, lies outside the auspices of the nobles. In rural areas, outside of slaves, Pandurians are freeholders, men-at-arms and craftsmen. The tenant or serf traditions are almost 

unknown in the land, and the majority of the Pandurians are well off compared to other lands. Religion & Power: Religiously open with Chu_khem, Khronos and Justinorn as the strongest. Magik, psychic power, and 

technology are respected while spiritualism is held with high suspicion. Prejudices & Fears: Pandurians loath the Misty Isles and any defeat at their hands, imagined or real is painful in the extreme.

Rainbow Isles 

Background: The Rainbow Isles is a robust island country whose women are known across the breadth of Khaora for their vivacity, individualism, and zest for life. Dress & Decoration: Garments in the isles 

reflect their maritime pursuits and island nature. They have a single piece wrap that covers the waist to just around the knees, but this is mainly worn by fisherwomen rather than sailors and not often seen in 

the cities. They will usually wear a simple cloak made most commonly of wool, linen, or fur. Short tunics are favored, ones that belted and bloused at the waist to suit the wearer's needs and desires. They were

 usually decorated at the collar, cuffs, and hem, with embroidery or simple bands of fabric. These tunics often have matching strips of decoration running from both shoulders to the hem. Sandals are preferred 

footwear but boots are commonplace as well. Outlook: A strong promotion of individuality within a communal responsibility is fostered from birth. Each child is free to choose a future, however most follow in 

the steps of their parents. The individualism defines them but is at times subsumed by communal needs. An Amazon may accept punishment, exile, or even death to save her family or clan some disgrace or 

indignity. The isles' poetry is full of sayings that echo this type of thinking. The Amazons of Rainbow Isles are quick to learn, highly individualistic, and very adventurous. They tend to jump to conclusions 

quickly, for good or bad, and despise places where the land is wholly male dominated. As openhearted adventurers and traders, they sail the great oceans in a quest for the next deal, the newest adventure, or 

the greatest plunder. They are progressive in belief and always looking to experience something new regardless of circumstance. They are quick with the tongue, and it often gets them into trouble and back out 

again with equal facility. One of the most important ideologies that define the isle people are they do not wish to have things difficult. The fastest way, even when not the best, that leads to a result is 

always preferred. Some have described the Rainbow Isles' people as arrogant, and overly disrespectful. The blunt fact is they treat all people with politeness and courtesy. They are the consummate hosts. The 

people of the isles do not judge people on the basis of title or status, but by their actions. They have been known to treat a noble as a knave, and a knave as a sister. It is not an easily bought trust, 

though. Earning the badge of trust is a path only taken through actions, and isle's Amazon is unlikely to trust anyone's word whose action they do not know firsthand. Society: Like the other Amazon countries, 

the Rainbow Isles are matriarchic and consist of many independently led clans who hold loose allegiance to a high queen nominated at the Éreelia, or gathering of the clans. Most immediate families are made up 

of equals with the oldest in that family holding the position of greatest rank. Each clan has a primary family, which represents all the connected families in the clan on a council called the Órfhi. The various

 members of the Órfhi assist the clan head to make decisions and double as a war council in times of conflict. Though Rainbow Isles has only a few cities and live mostly in ordered settlements, their influences

 are primarily nomadic. This is not a complete practice of the nomadic way of wandering, but an understanding that at some point all Amazons must travel in the wild, open world in order to understand their 

roots. Religion & Power: Religiously open with Borsala, Azaerawe, Tarong, and the Emerald Star Cult as the strongest. Magik, psychic power, and technology are respected while spiritualism can stir some 

irrational fears in the isle's Amazons. Prejudices & Fears: Rainbow Isles Amazons fear a loss of independence. They are prejudiced against males, never seeing or accepting others as equals.

Rherekk 

Background: The Rherekk are a naturally warlike and unsettled people. The rugged nature of the land they occupied has nourished in the Rherekki a great strength, especially the southern Rherekk who dwell amidst

 high and half inaccessible Heaven Wall Mountains. Many, especially those in Vorgoé who despise the Rherekki for their numerous raids into their territory, view them as primitive savages. In fact, the Rherekk 

are far from being simply wild and simple-minded warriors, who eke out a primitive existence amongst cold mountains. Their society has a system of highly sophisticated beliefs and a worldview that has actually 

molded their whole societal order and way of life. This life view is probably a holdover from the ancient Mardolissans who entered Khaas via an unstable nexus gate somewhere on the fast moving depths of the 

Chainmail River. Dress & Decoration: Rherekk garments depend greatly on hide drawn from animals in the forests and mountains and use their fur, horn, and other portions as well. Standard gear is a rugged, 

trouser like pant, baggy and layer for warmth. Weather is a prime concern and while Rherekki mortify their flesh frequently, outside of these semi-religious, ceremonial times they cling to warmth like any 

other. Boots are commonplace, always shod, and often spiked. Super tunics, surcoats, and heavy jackets are common as well and Rherekki make great use of buttons and lacing to bind clothing. Outlook: The 

Rherekki believe the whole of life and our waking world is in fact a dream and not reality at all. Their beliefs allow for an approach to the real world in dreams, through deep thought and meditation, or at 

times in everyday life; hard and tiring actions, for example, trekking across mountains or fighting. The Rherekk respect few people or boundaries for that matter, especially the Rherekki warriors who trek 

across the snow-laden mountain passes of the Heaven Walls just to war and raid on the countries of Vorgoé and Tharkhala. The Rherekk, strangely enough have found kinship with the Bossalians, who also dwell in 

the harsh mountains. The High Elves of the Marble Steps, those who dwell at the Cold Leap and on the edge of the Snowy Abyss are their favorites to war against. Meditation consumes more than half, if not all of

 a Rherekki's day. Regardless of occupation or social strata, every Rherekki meditates, attempting to free or tune his or her mind to the true world of their origins. The Rherekki speak little but at time will 

gather together to listen and speak about the tales concerning their lost homeland, taking time to retell the beauty of its land, people and world. They will retell the agony of its loss and the trek through 

the world and the power levered to attempt to pierce the dreams that binds them here.

Saast 

Background: Saast is a large northern mountain country with little impact in world or regional affairs due to its isolationistic policies. Dress & Decoration: Clothing is dull, uninspired and generally, 

whatever is most practical for the activity. Fur lining is common as well as multiple layers of clothing and padding. Tunics, parkas, jackets, and 50 coats are joined with boots and rugged trousers or pant, 

often bloused for comfort or design. Hats are well liked and worn, and if not inspired are at least functional. Outlook: The heavy fog that bathes the land in the lowland areas gives the land an almost surreal 

quality and the Saast delight in the tales of what creatures dwell in the wet, cold mists that creep out in the night. The family unit in Saast is considered very sacred and filial piety is both traditional and

 expected. To act without respect is to invite a firm beating by a person's own family, if not further assisted by total strangers. Amusement and relaxation in Saast revolves around the sedate enjoyments of 

life and Saast love nothing more than smoking, eating and enjoying other such idle amusements. Another thing well liked is the enactment of the silent play on the stage. For some reason this strikes a chord 

with Saasti and they cannot seem to get enough. In a contrast to their normal sedate and boring approach to life and amusement, gladiatorial games are very popular and all cities have arenas of one size or 

another. A majority of the games are non-lethal but the heart of the games is the fighting between the gladiators. Society: Saast long ago chose to follow an isolationistic approach in relation to other 

countries, choosing to do little other than allow limited trade. Its borders are closed to travelers and the Saast regard their neighboring countries with disinterest and apathy. The ruling of the country is as

 inward driven and turgid as its outward policies. A vast brood of nobility exists under the monarch that extends one level deep. The distinction in Saast is that you are noble or you are not noble, and nothing

 in between. Nobility is only gained by birth into one of the many noble families and roughly one third of the population is considered of noble blood. Those of the noble families are allowed to assume 

leadership positions in the government, military, and religious positions. Arcane matters are solely the distinction of the nobility and there are no common born practitioners of magik outside the priests. The 

sole royal family is the one source of rulers and no one without the blood of royalty is allowed on the throne. Even should a noble achieve the fact, the populace would revolt and overthrow him in order to 

support another with the slightest hint of royal blood. The one common thing all Saast like to do is gamble. They enjoy games of chance, though it would be hard to tell from their demeanors. It is illegal to 

gamble, but all Saast do so in hidden little nooks and underground games. If caught gambling, violators are given a public lashing or lose their hand if running the game. Popular games of chance revolve around 

a game similar to mahjongg and go. Religion & Power: Religiously open with Boreas, Diora, Malkuss, Saren, Tarong, Wöten and Thor (Temple of Iron) as the strongest. Magik, psychic power, and technology are 

respected but considered for nobility only. Spiritualism is the only thing that transcends this boundary and is shared by all Saast. Prejudices & Fears: The Saast enjoy their sedate lives and tend to react to 

innovation with fear bordering on the pathological. Their first impulse when shown something new is to destroy or break it, and only with a great feat of will can they overcome this initial impulse. Perhaps the

 only exception to this is in combat, where they have great facility in adapting to enemy tactics.

Sandara 

Background: Sandara is an island nation squelched between the naval powers of Chorynth and the Aranzian princes. Only recently discovered rich deposits of ore in the Dark Moon Mountains has kept maintained its 

sovereignty from the grasping economic and military hands of those seeking to conquer her. Dress & Decoration: Traditional Chardosian garments are still vogue and the short Chardosian near skirt is prominent, 

worn by males and females alike, usually with sandals and an open half-vest or short tunic. The laced open-faced shirt is popular as are short trousers (they clasp at the knee), abbreviated loose tunics, and 

low boots. Sandarans are rarely without a dagger by their side, and even sometimes two or three. The dagger, rope, whip, and hand axe are the only arms allowed everywhere, as many settlements and cities require

 the relinquishing of other weapons to keep the peace. Outlook: Sandarans as a whole are a bustling, energetic people who take great delight in work, crafting, and seamanship, even if they do not do all of them

 the best. Those who die are buried in the land if possible, in gardens and fields so their bodies can nourish those who still live in death. All who can work do so, and those who refuse are cast out off the 

islands, to find their fate among the foreigners. The tales of the creatures of legend, which inspired the minds of ancient Sandarans, are told and retold to children and adults alike, and constitute a great 

chunk of their pastime, in addition to swimming, diving and music. They have other recreational pursuits as well and enjoy a form of free-for-all boxing, something of a national sport for the island. Sandarans 

rise early and tend to work for continuous periods with small rest breaks. Thrift, diligence at work and willingness are common and those people shirking such traits are disliked greatly. Society: There is a 

strong Chardosian influence on the island, though the touch is an old one left over from the days when Sandara was a Chardosian colony. Those days are long past and today Sandara is an island monarchy with a 

small number of nobility, whose entrance is only gained at the favor of the king or birth in an existing noble family. The Sarkoori, the people who had slaved the island in past has been hard to erase, 

especially the foul taint left behind as a result of their occupation. The surest way to infuriate a Sandaran is to refer to the islands as the Sarkoorian Isles, something unthinking (or unknowing) foreigners 

seem to do with astonishing regularity. If it seems innocent, a Sandaran is as likely to grit his or her teeth and grimly correct the unintentionally insulting; if malicious, they are likely to plant a knife, 

dagger or axe between their eyes as a response. While able seaman, Aranzian and Chorynthian vessels, their main opponents in the region, easily outdo them on the seas. Sandara has made up for this lack by 

working on creating and drawing to them a strong stable of merchants who will trade with them and not their neighbors. In addition, old ties with Aradnast have greased the way for the potential of more distant 

trade ventures. Religion & Power: Religiously open with Borsala and Eru the strongest. Magik, spiritualism, and psychic power are respected. Technology is misunderstood or lumped into magik. Prejudices & Fears:

 Sandarans fear a return to slavery and a loss of national identity and are very violent at the possibility of such occurring.

Skohrzaki Domain 

Background: The domain is primarily a centaur nation in the desert with little to no interaction with other nations except for limited trade and diplomatic actions. Skohrzaki is a tribal name for the greatest 

of the herds and where they are is considered the center of the nation. Dress & Decoration: Highly adapted to the desert environment, Skohrzaki rarely wear anything other than that which is immediately useful 

or functional to desert life. Outlook: Skohrzaki believe greatly in the idea of personal honour and individualism. Respect stems from honour and a Centaur's ability to stand strong, on his or her own. They are 

gregarious, wellintentioned, and jovial, quick to laugh and share their enjoyment of life. Honourable to a fault, Centaurs are more tolerant and trusting than most, right up until the point they believe someone

 has wronged them. Skohrzaki are as earnest and forthright in war as there are in friendship, and have long memories when it comes to holding grudges. They are also guilty of overconfidence, and highly 

competitive. Foot races are considered the common (and best) way of greeting old friends, and leaping contests, tests of strength, and all manner of physical sports and games are a mainstay of Skohrzaki 

culture. Skohrzaki will contest with one another and other tribes to stay at the peak conditions, as well as to test the mettle of friends, acquaintances, and enemies. Centaurs are irrepressibly social beings, 

even when separated from their herds, they often find themselves banding together with others, even those of other races, out of a deep seated need for companionship. With no company, a Skohrzaki feels very 

alone and will seek any company even people they do not like to relieve this feeling. Society: The nation is actually a range of tribes with differing outlooks. All tribes honor a high Lord of Sands who rules 

for a lifetime and then is succeeded by a son or daughter of the tribes with equal or greater fighting ability. While primarily consisting of Shinda-Khai Centaur, there are also Saurig and Red Dwarves who make 

their home in the desert sands. Skohrzaki are patriarchic and practice polygamy – not that their women are subservient or any less proud than their male counterparts. Female Skohrzaki are even more fierce and 

proud than male equivalents and the option to join as one of many wives to one husband is a free choice taken by all female Centaur. Those who do not take husbands are often called more to the service of war or

 hunting than motherhood, and are greatly respected for their abilities in those fields. Nomadic life within the Centaur herds breeds many adventurers and warriors. Females are usually encouraged to stay with 

the herds until they have had at least one foal though this guideline has fallen away as tradition. The Skohrzaki are meat eaters who subsist off giant desert lizards and supplement their diet with what 

agricultural products that can grow in the harsh desert. They live in open structures with plenty of room for their bulk and size and do not suffer from claustrophobia unless deep underground or in a place with

 no recognizable exits. The xenophobia common among other Centaurs is lessened in the Skohrzaki, probably from long interaction and working with other tribes. Even if they build settlements, most Skohrzaki are 

on the move, and due to this life on the move, Skohrzaki have very little in the way of permanent possessions, usually packing all that they own into a few saddlebags. Religion & Power: Religiously open with 

animism, Pegonus, Brabnalda, and Pax Romana the strongest. Magik, spiritualism, and psychic power are respected if not feared for its power and capriciousness. Technology is misunderstood or lumped into magik. 

Prejudices & Fears: Skohrzaki fear slavery, confinement and suffer from claustrophobia.

Taghorean 

Background: Taghorean is a barbaric nation ruled by whosoever can seize power. The land is littered with remnants of a great past glory and Taghorean is a mix of old and new, with feral savagery found side by 

side with cultured intellectualism. Dress & Decoration: Taghoreans favor the desertlike burnoose and trousers, combined with boots for dress. Ties are used for fastenings. Both males and females wear their hair

 long and loose. Outlook: The people of the land are rough, coarse and centered heavily on the now and when. A Taghorean rarely cares or spares attention for the change of the seasons, the movement of the world

 or the cares of those beyond his tribe. The community of the tribe is everything, with men and women competing equally for the right to hunt, war, and gain status. Only the old or the wise (ne shumè) in 

Taghorean look beyond this shortsightedness, wonder about the world, the spirits, and how they tie into it all. Society: Taghorean is a monarchy ruled by whatever king can gain the throne, typically by force. 

While organized under a single king Taghoreans continue to cling to the traditional ways of their ancestors and wander semi-nomadically across the land in tribal units. Bashkèpunim are the traditional leaders 

of the tribes and give forced obedience to the king of the land. Outside of those who dwell in the few cities, the Bashkèpunim decide the law, usually drawing on the wisdom of the synimèsh and the ne shumè to 

make decisions. Bashkèpunim lead more by example and wisdom than by rules and the threat of force, 53 building off their experience tempered with a good jolt of common sense and tradition. Bashkèpunim set up 

all rules and are relatively free from restrictions outside of meeting the needs of those he or she leads. Bashkèpunim establish the laws, pass judgment, and decide upon punishment. Of course, his or her tribal

 members afford him this position. Any Bashkèpunim whose leadership is compromised by insanity, possession, or cruelty is quickly removed. Otherwise, a Bashkèpunim is only replaced upon death or disablement. In

 the cities, a crude form of law has developed, mainly centering on how Taghoreans can live in such close quarters more than anything else. Cities have a leader, called a Bashkèpunim as well, and he or she is 

advised by all the ne shumè who dwell in the cities. They have daily courts, adjudicate, and preside over the numerous issues that arise between the people. Some Taghoreans enjoy the intellectual pursuits, and 

have a great tradition of creating and solving puzzles built around the workings of the world, constructing riddles, and puzzles to challenge others. Most, however, enjoy brawling, duels of knives, swords, or 

javelin cast, contests of strength or riding, or just wild and free revelry. Taghorean sometimes will deal cruelly with travelers who venture on the plain and will often make games of it. For some Taghorean, 

torture is a form of recreation. Pit fights are common, whether it be between Taghorean warriors, slaves, or animals. Religion & Power: Religiously open with animism and ancestor worship the strongest, followed

 by Pegonus, Olympic Mysteries, and Shagrath. Taghoreans lump all users of religious, technological, and psychic power with those who use magik and consider them one and the same. Wizards in Taghorean are 

called synimèsh, and are revered as much as priests of the gods. They are given free food, drink and welcomed wherever they travel and are never called to work outside of the duties of a synimèsh, which is to 

cast down any demons, devils or angry spirits raised in the land. The sign of a synimèsh is colored strip of cloth, worn around the shoulders or neck, inscribed with mystik symbols. Prejudices & Fears: 

Taghoreans live in the now due to their fear and inability to conceptualize how small and insignificant they are in the whole scheme of the multiverse.

Talafar 

Background: A country regarded well in the eyes of many, a bastion of sanity in the dark south that stands between the world and intrigues and horror of Marmachand. Talafar is a land of strong knights upholding

 chivalric virtues and also a place of sophistication and high culture. Dress & Decoration: Talafarian clothing styles tend to change frequently but the current trend has doublets, short shoulder capes, and 

over tunics with stiff collars, worn with either hose and breeches or trousers. Over tunics are partly colored with design work and have long sleeves. Hoods or close fitting caps tied under the chin. Women use 

an outer garment over a short tunic with a long, fully body, and wide flaring sleeves. Some have even taken on a formalized stiff appearance of costuming heavy with fringes, borders, and decoration. Sometimes 

heavy thread, precious metals, and gems are worked into mantles and cloaks. Women will wear light robes with stiff collars or headdresses encrusted with pearls and precious stones. Outlook: In Talafar justice, 

honesty, loyalty, and courage are the values that bind the people of this widely diverse land. Magic is a fact of life, but still mysterious and unpredictable despite orders of magicians in most of the large 

cities. Talafarians are a strong people, virtuous and honorable. The ideals of chivalry are an import that took root strongly in the dark times following the two-cycle long Battle of Eyes with Marmachand. Not 

to say, of course, that honor did not reside here prior these codes. Talafar has always stood as the lamp on the edge of night. Talafarian people learn the proud history of their realm at the knees of their 

fathers. They know the names of their ancestors who gathered the light and upheld brands of flame against the Shadow of the One. They listen to old tales of the Time Lords and their horror, and listen in awe 

and burning desire to do and be, those ancestors who dared stand against their tide of insanity. This streak of nobility in the people goes beyond those who have the blood and is present in chivalric orders and

 common men alike. In face of their southern neighbor, it is no wonder such an order of people would arise. Foul Marmachand with its excesses and dark, bloody devotion to the Black Pantheon have crept into 

Talafar many times with insidious plots, subtle and guile, attempting to turn the people away from their gods and leaders. Talafarian society has resisted this influence by turning outward to openness, and the 

people of the land act exactly thus, speaking their minds freely and tending to their own deeds and affairs so as to not allow discord to grow. Society: The nobility and the current monarch rule the land 

strictly but fairly. The queen controls a large amount of power and uses the royal army and loyal leagues of knights and wizards to enforce her will. She is in turn checked and balanced by the powers of the 

nobility who are dear to the people because they are closer to them than the queen. They also control knights and armies in their own right, a factor furthering the balance of force. The open nature and values 

embedded in all Talafarians when they are young keep the situation stable, and the rulers of Talafar have been just and fair in the past. A strong tradition of knightly honor exists among the nobility and each 

knight is a skilled and noble warrior, at once a warrior, a scholar, and a gentlemen. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of Megalon, Lady of the Silver Moon, Vanaan and Nohrqualla in the order 

of the most powerful. Psychic power, magik and technology are accepted and used. Spiritualism is respected but not understood well and Talafarians are cautious more than reverent towards spiritual affairs. 

Prejudices & Fears: Talafarians fear pollution of their minds, bodies and hearts by Marmachand.

Tallassa 

Background: Tallassa is an island nation whose strategic position in the Glittering Gulf has provided them a stranglehold over trade in the region. Dress & Decoration: Clothing designs tend toward the function 

with some luxury, though simple hook and latch; button and clips predominate in clothing styles as the thriftiest method of dressing and undressing. Where the average islander displays extravagance is in their 

homes. The outside of a Tallassan home may seem bland or uninspired but within, it may be a majestic display color, fabrics, textures or a mix or all. Tallassans always wear facial hair, but beards mustaches 

are always kept neatly and accurately trimmed. It's possible to determine a Tallassan's city, social status, and financial means by the cut of his beard. Tallassan women are renowned for their beauty and their 

tempers, both of which they have in plenty. Outlook: Tallassans are concerned with time and using it to attain personal goals is everything to them. They gulp food, barely taking time to taste the very dishes 

consumed. Conversation is terse and short, unless subterfuge or innuendo is necessary, or lengthy discourse shortens some time related event later on. Tallassans also have a reputation for honesty. While some 

Tallassans might use deceit most Tallassans value honesty above all else. It's a part of their honor. Business transactions are often conducted and sealed with nothing more than a handshake. Paperwork is a 

formality and is only used to put the details in a fixed format. A signature is a formality. A man's oath is sacred. People would rather sacrifice wealth rather than exhibit even the 55 smallest hint of 

dishonesty. While on the outside, Tallassans seem driven and eaten with time, when they enter their homes they relax and do away with burning weight of time. Home is where they unwind and settle down, taking 

time to delight in life. Society: Tallassa is ruled by plutocracy of mercantile nobles from the two great cities of the islands. Nobles dwell within the cities aside from a few rural nobles. The nobility of the

 Tallassa are in theory equal, though in truth it is separated into factions of those with power and those with greater power. Tallassans view education as a needed part of life and all young Tallassans spend 

their youth in schools learning the aspects of economics, maritime skills, culture, and history. All Tallassans are expected to learn a trade by their majority (sixteen) or spend several years in the military 

(at a minimum four). Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of Borsala, Tarong and Xuanth in the order of the most powerful. Psychic power, magik and technology are accepted and used. Spiritualism 

is considered nothing but superstition. Prejudices & Fears: Fear the loss of time or that they will waste the time allotted to them before their goals in life are met.

Tharkhala 

Background: Tharkhala is a land united under an emperor, but in truth, the warriors hold sway here, organized under 7 great lords. Dress & Decoration: Most have absorbed Morvaenian, Khorsarian, or Bossalian 

garb as everyday wear. A few still hark back to the traditional Tharkhalan robe, with its open, wrap around front, neckband attached to the open front and full sleeves. Functional and ornamental should one 

choose, as well as easily modified due to its construction of geometric shapes, many still wear this for ceremonies, or religious occasions, even if they view it unworthy of daily wear. Outlook: Tharkhala is a 

shame culture. Tharkhalans are less concerned with questions of morality and legality than with social acceptance. They tend to say what they think their audience would like to hear. Tharkhalans respect 

bravery, hospitality, sincerity, loyalty and politeness. Financial success is valued openly only by merchants, who are despised as miserly and greedy. Honesty is less valued than loyalty. People are expected to

 lie to protect their relatives or clan, but warriors easily throw their lives away in service to their lord. Society expects all people to show respect to their parents, real or adopted. Friendship is very 

practical in Tharkhala, almost a business transaction. Society: The political structure of the Tharkhala is composed of several layers, not all of which are aware of the others. The common Tharkhalan believes 

in an ordered society with a single Emperor as head. This Emperor in theory rules through a complex bureaucracy. The Emperor makes all the laws, rules, and appointments in the government. Justice, defense, and 

administration are the province of the Emperor alone, and his appointed bureaucrats and governors. In fact, Tharkhala is divided into clans, which are in turn divided into large land-owning families. The rulers

 of the largest clans are the real power brokers of the land. They govern the seven provinces of Tharkhala (not the appointed officials) through their warrior retainers. The warriors of Tharkhala are not only 

fighters; they are also the tax collectors, administrators and advisors. Each lord has a chief warrior, who has the responsibility of making sure that the clan's activities match the wishes of the lord. 

Tharkhala is broken into a strict hierarchy of castes, with the commoners on the bottom and the Emperor at the top. The nobles of the court enjoy the highest status, followed by the clan lords, families and 

their warrior retainers. Only these men have the right to carry weapons, and they have the legal right to kill those lower in statuses who behave untowardly. Even fighters unaffiliated with clan lords rank as a

 warrior. Equal in status and power are the priests and magicians, ranking as warriors in the hierarchy and in some cases higher depending on the strength of their religious order or arcane guild. Next come the

 commoners. Of these are the farmers, artisans and merchants. Lowest of all are the outcasts, such as those who handle the dead, slaves, beggars, gamblers, entertainers, and exiled criminals. Outlaws live in 

their own districts on the outskirts of a village or town and are governed by their own kind. Killing an outcast is not considered murder; it is punishable by a fine. Outsiders are common to Tharkhala, and are 

both out of the normal hierarchy but at the same time within it wherever they seem to fit. Ambitious families and clans seeking to gain advantage over another in battle hire mercenaries frequently. These 

mercenaries are given the respect of a Tharkhalan warrior but do not have the same powers of authority. Those who make the mistake are quickly corrected, usually quite fatally. Religion & Power: Religiously 

open with the deities of Amarydion, Animism, Ancestor Worship, Diora, Emerald Star Cult, Megalon and Tarong in the order of the most powerful. Religion, magic, and mysticism are very prevalent in the culture. 

Ancestors are worshipped as well as the spirits of the animals, trees and all other things, and shrines are common. Priests and wizards are respected and honored, especially by the commoners who often call upon

 them for justice against the nobles or warriors. Prejudices & Fears: Fear of failure, giving improper respect/ shaming family, clan or nation.

Thrale 

Background: Thrale is an old country, a nation of fine warriors with great traditions and noble exploits. The land has retained its freedom and individuality against other empires long ground to dust by the 

wheel of time. Dress & Decoration: Thralian traditional dress is a long sleeved garment not unlike a nightshirt, wrapped around the hips, usually covered with a side split tunic and drawn to the waist by a 

belt. Cloaks or additional over tunics are sometimes worn. Boots are common wear and come in a variety of uses and styles, mainly dependent on one's occupation. Common lore says you can tell what a Thralian 

does for a living by his boots and how well to do at it by the cut of their clothes. Outlook: Thralians consider time differently than most others. Thralians watch the skies with a fearful dedication and have 

structures dedicated to watching the stars and celestial bodies. They follow the lunar and celestial calendars in daily practice. Thrale watch the stars, believing both fortune and the future lie along the 

paths they traverse, a faith they take as serious as any of the other religions in their land. They tend to think of time in ages, considering this the eleventh Thralian age. The 10th age ended with the signing

 of the Accords of Arduin, and foretold eleventh age is a well-omened one for Thrale. Society: Thrale is one of the few holdouts against the burgeoning Quawima, Chundian, and Pandoori Empires in their golden 

times of conquest, successfully staying free from their conquering fists. Thrale's most ancient and hated enemy is the Dreaming Isles. Thrale ranked among the few to resist the aerial bombardments and arcane 

destruction released by the old race of the Dreaming Isles. Their pride is to have never fallen, or be conquered by an outside force. Thrale attends to readiness against attack like most do to breathing – 

instinctively, without second thought. Thrale's line of kings extends backwards in time to the hoary days when the first Thralian sailed north during the Time of Woe, when the lands rose high towards the 

heavens and then sunk deep beneath the ocean waters. Those few people who made it to the white ships of ancient Thrale sailed free from the maelstrom of destruction to find a new home farther north. Kings led 

the Thralian then, and they continue to lead them today against any enemies who may enter their land. Thrale is the land of the new sun, an ancient symbol made anew by their landing on the eastern shore of 

Khaora so many cycles ago. The sun in its many forms is perhaps the most often used symbol among the Thralians. Nobles exist in Thrale, but it is a rank only achieved and kept through actions that define one 

Thralian above all others. Self-sacrifice, charity, innovativeness, and loyalty are the most values often rewarded by the king with the rank of nobility. The Thralians are a people who seek action over words, 

and a noble or noble family is only given a rank of distinction for three generations. One among the noble family must continue the deeds of their ancestors to further retain the rank of nobility, or forfeit it

 by inaction. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of Saren, Megalon, Chu-Khem, Fahde, Justinorn, Khronos, Mordakk, and Temple of Iron in the order of the most powerful. Psychic power, magik and 

technology are equally understood though technology is considered untrustworthy and little used. Spiritualism is highly regarded and great care is taken to appease the spirits. Prejudices & Fears: The last five

 unnamed days of the year are considered bad luck days and no Thralian willingly spends time outside the company of others on this day, in fear that creatures will creep from the ground and devour them whole.

Thund 

Background: Thund is a nation only newly returned to its own sovereignty by the Misty Isles, still in the throes of determining its identity after such a long time dominated by the isles nation. Dress & 

Decoration: Thund still affects the clothing of their conquerors and they still eagerly follow current trends on the isles. The current fad on the isles is the tunic, and the isles' wrap, or lislemondé. Some 

versions are full length with sleeves. Often the fabric is woven with gold thread for design, to indicate rank or nobility. Sandals are common though boots worn here and there. Outlook: The energy of the Misty 

Isles' people never did transfer to the Thundians and they plod along in life, content with little more than the necessities and a few luxuries. They are languid in speech and manner, often bent towards working

 in small amounts and taking numerous rest periods to socialize, relax or sleep. Society: In Thund, there are only two natural regions of land, the highlands near the border with Alazahr and a more southern 

plain and moor. So inhospitable is the land that it divides Thund up into many small regions, between which communication is difficult. Indeed, not the land but the sea links the different regions of Thund into

 one. When the Misty Isles came to dominate the region, Thund took to the invaders gladly, seeing them as a way to lift out of the muck and poverty of their nation. This wholesale acceptance of Misty Isles 

society and occupation was the death of most, if not all the traditional ways of the Thund. Recently, the Misty Isles returned to Thund its freedom. This action came as a surprise and many Thundians clamored 

against the act, petitioning the queen to allow them entrance into the island nation. The queen ignored their request but did join with the new kingdom of Thund in a peace treaty. While wrestling with the 

changes of leadership after so long under another's, Thund is slowly emerging as its own nation and gaining independent identity. Politically and socially, Thund is a mess. The Misty Isles never allowed the 

formation of nobility or upper classes in their colonies and those envious of neighboring nations with that structure have affected ranks and titles of nobility, even if unrecognized by the current crown. 

Considering the crown has changed hands almost every cycle so far, a majority of the people turn a blind eye to throne policies, adding further to the chaos of the nation. Amazonian customs are almost 

universally clung to, even though the Misty Isles no longer dominates the area. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of Amarydion and Borsala as the most powerful. Psychic power, magik and 

technology are poorly understood and usually feared. Spiritualism is highly regarded and a great codex of spiritual lore exists. Great care is taken to appease the spirits. Prejudices & Fears: After so long 

under the Misty Isles reign the Thundians fear they will never regain their national identity and be as one again.

Valthar 

Background: Valthar is an older eastern coastal land but one stifled under the dominating grip of neighboring nations for many years. Recently freed from this oppressive yoke, Valthar has vibrantly grabbed the 

horns of destiny and seeks to gain prominence in the region. Dress & Decoration: Dress in Valthar is greatly influenced by Chund and people wear tunics, long and short, richly decorated with threadwork, 

brocade, and the blend of several materials. Trousers are the affected wear, tucked into boots, or gartered. Valtharians use the button, ties, lacing and pins to attire clothing. They enjoy hats or the 

headbands seen in Chund and wear all forms of accessories, such as necklaces, bracelets, earrings, and the like. Outlook: The values of sacrifice, charity, innovativeness, and loyalty are strong in the 

Valtharian mindset, as well as a strong streak of nationalism. If the Sarkeshi left any imprint on the Valthar, it was the theme of national pride and the willingness to give up life and limb to ensure its 

endurance. A strong middle class of free land holding people and merchants exists but the vast bulk of people are still peasantry, tenanting with the aristocratic nobility. While advancement in society is 

accepted and possible, it requires wealth, influence, and knowledge. Thus, even though most of the peasantry will never attain any growth from their societal tier the striving towards betterment is a consuming 

aspiration, passed on to generation to generation until it is met. The Chundian view of privacy is strong here and Valtharians are as intensely private, regarding public displays of emotion inappropriate and 

revealing; not that Valtharians are cold and unfeeling but their emotion is kept hidden until translated into action. Learning is a serious pursuit in Valthar, especially arcane learning. They spend great parts

 of their lives in the pursuit of knowledge associated with their trade, craft or art. Society: Valthar follows in the footsteps of Chund in as far as leadership, and the wizards and priests dominate in the 

land, forming an aristocracy that decides all affairs of state. The ideals of Thrale have left a stamp on the people of Valthar and the Thralian view that nobility is a rank achieved and kept only through 

actions is a strong belief. The aristocrats of Valthar are less selfish than perhaps their counterparts in Chund and tend to rule with more of the good of the nation as a whole in mind than not. Nationalism 

burns in the hearts of Valtharians strongly and is the one sure thing to pierce the veils of propriety always about them. In national gatherings or in the intense debate of the future of their kingdom, 

Valtharians will cast aside normal restraint and debate heatedly on the issue. They take no qualms in using whatever vocal arts are needed, from crude weapons of sheer volume to the more sophisticated ways to 

filet an opponent. Religion & Power: The land is religiously closed with Chu-Khem (state religion) dominating. Other religions are allowed but have only very small followings. Magik is highly respected, 

technology is misunderstood and ignored, and psychic power and spiritualism are respected but ignored due to the cultural preference for magik. Prejudices & Fears: Valtharian history is one of occupation and 

defiance is the face of it. They fear a return to such life and will do anything to prevent it.

Vargalla 

Background: Vargalla is a trading power on the edge of Khaora fighting for dominance with other maritime nations to control trade in the region. They are fiercely expansionistic, digging into the unclaimed 

lands of the jungle and the wild lands around the Gibbering Mountains. Dress & Decoration: Vargallans wear a tunic, and a long garment which could be a skirt around the waist, or drawn up to under or over the 

breast and sometimes held with a strap. Some versions are full length with sleeves. Sandals are common though boots are a close and second favorite. Outlook: Vargallans view foreigners with the same scale they 

apply to each other, valuing energy, drive, bravery, and loyalty. Impossible to conceive, however, is the potential for a non-Vargallan to ever reach the same potential, regardless of how impressive or how 

close in race, including even other Amazons. Those of the female gender bear the worst of this attitude, as the Vargallans cannot understand how they cannot throw off the bonds males put upon them by dictating 

and ruling their actions. Male dominated lands are annoyances to Vargallans and these countries are viewed as intrinsically wrong, even if ruled well and justly. Males are just not capable of such acts or 

ability in their eyes. The borders to Vargalla are closed, and traffic by non-Vargallans is allowed only in designated areas. The outlook of the land is very nationalistic, isolationist in many ways, and 

transgression of law or cultural bounds tends to find those in error staring into the infamous gaping maw of Mother Mouth. Society: Vargalla is an Amazon matriarchy with a widespread royal family and adjoining 

landed nobility. The nobility are split between the old and new nobles; defined by the nobility that existed prior to the expansion to the mainland, and those who attained titles and rank for lands on the 

mainland. The border nobles are the most bitter of the Vargallan nobility, mainly since they are overlooked at court frequently and never have the needed funding against the creatures and scorpion riders that 

prey on border towns and forts. Men are considered near equals to women in all but inheritance. Women fill what are typically ‘male oriented' jobs in other countries and are always chosen over males for any 

positions. Men can be warriors, and often take this route as a respectable way to show their value in Vargallan society. They cannot hold the rank of officers, a position always reserved for women. All female 

names end in –la, an indicator of independence, prowess, and adulthood. All noble women will add this suffix to their names Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of Isis and Athena and Artemis 

from the Olympic Mysteries as the most powerful. Psychic power, magik and technology are respected openly and utilized when possible, especially in warfare. Spiritualism is misunderstood and regarded with 

suspicion and some fear. Prejudices & Fears: Vargallans fear a loss of independence. They are prejudiced against males and non-Vargallans, never seeing others as equals.

Viruelandia 

Background: Viruelandia is a cultured land of dynamics, driven to expand and grow but diplomatic at the same time, willing to patiently win lands by politics over the force of arms. Wildly varied in people and 

cultures, Viruelandia is ruled well through its extensive policies and open but very firm outlook on life, magik, and technology. The state and the crown keep a firm hold on the reins of everything from 

commerce to religion, warring to magik use. Dress & Decoration: Viruelandians live in an avalanche of stylistic garment changes. There is truly no central Viruelandian style due to the miscellany of people 

redefining it daily. Still, a few things do stand out on the Viruelandia state of flux. One is the puerjo. This is a wool oval of cloth about three times the length of the wearer, worn halved along its lengths 

in draped folds. Mainly seen among pureblood aristocracy, the color of the border and the fabric use to decorate it indicates social position. Another is the plaiting of hair, where noblemen and women will 

arrange it in folds coils or braids. A few will even use wigs to supplement their natural hair while the most enjoy the feel of free flowing hair. Another defining style growing in power is the wearing of broad

 topped boots, slashed doublets, trousers, and wide brimmed hats. Many will wear short capes or small oval cloaks pinned at throat or neck, sometimes with chemise underneath the tunics. Outlook: Viruelandians 

have long nourished a dream of uniting the region around them into one nation, bound under their rule. Yet, for all their drive to conquer, hostility has not always characterized the relations between 

Viruelandia and the rest of the world. Even though Viruelandians firmly believe they are destined to rule the world and equally think that civilization ends with the boundaries of their lands, Viruelandia is 

open. Those they see barbaric are allowed in & invited, as Viruelandians see this as just another way to educate and raise up those they will soon assimilate into their own empire. Speaking generally, 

Viruelandians are neat and organized. Society: Viruelandia has a melting pot society, with representatives from almost all the races that cover Khaora's surface. Viruelandia is a rich, very mercantile and 

urbane, and its people are masters at blending with each other and other cultures. They have assimilated so many other cultures that they have become masters at it. Viruelandia has a loose, open social 

structure, status based on noble status and finance means. There is a large number of truant nobility, many of them vagrant sons of landed nobles always seeking to make a name and gain the eye of the 

Emperor-King (and hopefully lands of their own). This makes for one part of the dance of nobility in the land (which the common folk try to ignore and not get involved in). When lands are not available exterior

 of the kingdom then they must be taken within, often leading to small conflicts or minor wars between landed houses. The Emperor tends to turn a blind eye to such conflicts as long as they stay on a minor 

scale, or those involved have the royal ‘favor'. Otherwise, overly ambitious nobility may find the royal army riding them down, ready to bring them back to face throne justice . Religion & Power: Religiously 

open with the deities of Olympic Mysteries as the most powerful. Psychic power, magik and technology are respected openly and utilized when possible. Spiritualism is considered a haven for the ignorant and 

derided. Prejudices & Fears: Viruelandians feel they are destined to unite the continent under one rule and are freely vocal about it. They also see other cultures are inferior, though are not aggressive or 

distasteful in expression such claims.

Vorangé 

Background: Vorangé is dominated by an ambitious group of wizards and warriors, part of a semireligious sect organized under Megalon aimed at resurrecting the fallen empire of Phandramorel, alleging they are 

direct descendants of the nobility and rulers of the kingdom. Dress & Decoration: Vorangé clothing is utilitarian though usually decorated with thread or needlepoint. The use of trousers dominates, with open 

loose shirts drawn by laces; women also wear tight jackets or bodices, and men and women alike wear their hair long and curled. Outlook: Vorangé people are a very proud and energetic people, certain in the 

leadership of their land and confident of destiny. Vorangé eat only once per day, in a large community gathering filled with all members of the household. Vorangéans are fanatics about their legions and 

everyone has 1 legion they love more than others. The cabal has stamped on learning and learning institutions while promulgating cultural changes to inhibit free learning. From this has risen several 

generations of uneducated, stubborn, belligerent but loyal people. Society: While the scion of the royal family descending from old Phandramorel chooses a leader to serve as a king, the monarch is such only in 

name. The retainers of the Vermillion Council, which is drawn from the wizards and warriors who are the true rulers of the land, carry out the edicts and deliver the will of the king, who they use as a puppet 

to keep the mass of the people in line. The true rule and order of the nation is with the iron blades of their soldiers, enslaved mage-servants, and rigorous hunting parties that slay all with wizardry talent 

to ensure they retain control of the principal powers of the land. Against enemies, the Vorangé move with practiced patience, always pushing the borders and attacking their neighbors in a self declared crusade 

to revive the empire at calculated times when their neighbors are weak. Religion & Power: The land is religiously closed with Megalon (state religion) dominating but other religions not allowed except for the 

deity Mars (Olympic Mysteries). Magik is respected and beloved in the land but reserved for the cabal (others with talent are slain). Spiritualism has an honored but utterly ignored role. Technology and psychic

 power are respected but ignored due to the cultural preference for magik more than anything else. Prejudices & Fears: Vorangé feel a strong sense of destiny to reunite the previous kingdom of Phandramorel and 

fear the failure of such an action. Ever since the 6th legion fell to Morvaen, the citizenry have greatly feared the loss of another legion and formed antipathy towards Morvaen.

Vorgoé 

Background: The people who became the Vorgoé were once a part of the wild Saka tribes dwelling in the frosty northern wastes until a series of wars forced them southward until they bulwarked against the Heaven 

Wall Mountain range. This coincided with the end of the Nexus Wars and the tribes formed together to created Vorgoé. Dress & Decoration: Vorgoéans enjoy jewelry and accouterments that display and show off their

 bodies with a level that borders on fanaticism. Vorgoéans wear heavy wool clothing (wintry environment) and heavy cloaks though their clothing is versatile and can be belted or pinned to leave portions of the 

body bare as needed. Outlook: Vorgoéans are colorful and loud, always moving, jostling if in a crowd due to their eagerness and bold if alone. Vorgoéans enjoy life and tend to belt out in song when stirred to 

emotion. They are cold and motionless when truly angered or when redressing a wrong. Society: Vorgoéans have a strong oral heritage and pass along much information in this way. They have great respect for those

 with knowledge and the power of magik or those who commune with the gods directly. Vorgoéans place high value on beauty and art and this appreciation extends into many corners of their lives. Regardless of 

social standing everyone is expected and takes pride in their appearance and even functional items are created to be aesthetically pleasing. Crime and its punishment is a serious act in Vorgoé and they 

stridently punish murder and similar crimes when they occur. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of Boreas, Brabnalda, the Emerald Star Cult and Pegonus as the most powerful. Psychic power and 

spiritualism are seen nearly as one and respected though little trusted. Magik is considered a powerful tool and widely utilized where possible. Technology is mixed with magik and seen as the same. Prejudices &

 Fears: Vorgoéans are avid watchers of the sky and the times of the solstices and equinoxes are times of particular terror due to historical events.

Vorgundia 

Background: Vorgundia is a prosperous and strong monarchy that holds the plains east of the Grinding Mountains. Vorgundia was born out of the ashes of the Sarkeshi Empire when its first king, a mercenary in the

 employ of the Sarkeshi, led it to rebellion. Under their new king, the Sarkeshi people took on new customs, new ways but without casting aside much of their old thinking. Dress & Decoration: Clothing is worn 

loose and typically hangs around a person's frame. Straps, ties and sashes are used to bind clothing and loose pants are tucked into boots (something a Vorgundia deems important since they stand a lot, 

preferring to do so than sit). Vorgundians wear symbols of lore drawn from the Temple of Iron religion and embroider, stamp, tattoo or brand such symbols along with something known or personal about an enemy to

 inspire fear. A common custom is the branding of the tongue with runes, usually to show devotion to Wöten (Temple of Iron religion). Outlook: Vorgundians are proud, heated when emotional and cold when serious.

 History is deemed very important and they are equally as hot about their nation and its actions as they are about living life fully, creating a name that will echo through the ages, and glorifying their family

 and its bloodline. Learning is deemed important and all Vorgundians seek out knowledge as fits their personality. Society: Vorgundia nobility is several levels deep with landed nobles on the top and a very 

large pool of landless ones on the bottom. Marriages are arranged to gain social advantage. Sons are expected to seek out ways to further the family name through conquest, exploration, great deeds or heroics in

 battle, money or magik. Vorgundians wear different clothes for different events and a Vorgundian might change his wardrobe several times to accommodate. Religion & Power: The land is religiously closed with 

the Temple of Iron (state religion) dominating but other religions allowed in a limited fashion. Magik is respected and beloved in the land and spiritualism has an honored but mostly ignored role. Technology 

and psychic power are equally respected but equally ignored due to the cultural preference for magik more than anything else. Prejudices & Fears: Vorgundians see fate as fixed and gaze upon others with pity 

when they try to fight their destiny. They despise cowardice and betrayal. Vorgundians have an irrational cultural fear of cockatrices due to historical reasons and become unsettled when they encounter them.

Zagrana 

Background: Zagrana is a rugged, open land bordered by mountains and the sea. Centaurs rule the rugged forested hills and plains while Gnomes rule beneath. Neither interacts with the other outside of small 

amounts of trade and both ignore the small but growing bands of Wolflings. Above ground, Zagranans live in loose, widely roaming clans. Below ground, Zagranans dwell in crowded cities where order and dour 

pessimism thrives. Dress & Decoration: The aboveground cultures have little need for clothing outside of during inclement weather. They do love to use bracelets, armlets, jewelry, rings, and other accouterments

 to decorate their bodies in geometric patterns or knot work designs. Below ground the Gnomes use clothing in an absentminded fashion, paying attention only during ceremonies or when clothing affects their 

profit margin. Outlook: The Centaur and Wolfling societies have a strong belief in animism and spiritualism. All things have life and are respected in that fashion. All life moves in a cycle and the clans 

wander Zagrana on a purpose dictated by priests. Below ground the Gnomes live and die for commerce. Dour, taciturn, quarrelsome and vengeful, Blue Gnomes care little for each other and even less for others. 

Society: The aboveground cultures are open, following an earthly nomadic hunter existence. Challenges are met through strength, athleticism and bravery and ancestral spirits powerful influences. Belowground, 

the Blue Gnomes are closed to others, wanting nothing to do with other cultures. They society is complex, riddled with complex, lengthy ceremonies to handle simple things. Religion & Power: The land is 

religiously closed with animism and spiritualism dominating aboveground and Xuanth belowground. Psychic power, technology and magik are feared and little trusted. Below ground, technology is considered a 

powerful tool and widely utilized where possible. Prejudices & Fears: The loss of vigor, youth and strength are fears of the Centaur. Blue Gnomes fear the loss of their names, which they see as an indicator of 

breeding, status and worthiness. Of course, only the opinion of their culture matters so they ignore what others e might think.

Zirhaine 

Background: The ancestors of the Zirhaine came from the desert and the Zirhaine have not forgotten their Kurjian roots. It paints all they are though they have become a new people. Zirhainians are peaceful, 

prosperous folk but have learned the arts of warfare out of necessity due to their warlike and expansionist neighbors. Much of their success stems from the Baleares, the nobility, who govern and control the 

land. While at times overly dogmatic, the nobility is instilled with a strong sense of national duty, compounded with a sense of civic duty that lies at the core of all Zirhaine. Dress & Decoration: Zirhainians

 wear trousers with an open tunic fashioned by a belt, boots and a cape or cloak depending on need. Some splash of color to accent their dress is always used. They have good personal hygiene and love badges, 

pins, and tokens, using them to show expertise in craft, skill or warfare. Outlook: Zirhainians are fierce, bold and headstrong but filled with a zest and joy of life. They live fully and well and are quick to 

act in celebration or in conflict. They love to dance and next to riding it is their prime preoccupation. A Zirhainian can be furiously angry with you but still maintain a sense of cheerful camaraderie that 

will snap back into focus once the anger is gone. Society: A Kurjian influence is seen in personal relationships, politics and other aspects of Zirhaine society. Riding, the ability to fight and self 

sufficiency are taught at an early age and enforced as an individual grows older. Little tolerance is given to those who cannot work or provide for themselves. Zirhainians love open architectural styles but 

tend to build with protection in mind. Larger settlements tend to take on circular shapes and sprawl, as Zirhainians love to build outwards. Zirhainians love to demonstrate uniqueness while staying with the 

norm and decorate and accent their homes, bodies or clothing with that in mind. Food is taken buffet style and with great quantities of drink. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of Eru, 

Megalon, Lady of the Silver Moon and Vanaan as the most powerful. Psychic power and spiritualism are seen nearly as one and respected though little trusted. Magik is considered a powerful tool and widely 

utilized where possible. Technology is mixed with magik and not seen as anything separate. Prejudices & Fears: Zirhainians fear living poorly, not in wealth but in deeds and action. They fear the touch of old 

age and will seek death rather than wither away to nothingness or die abed.