Alazahr 

Background: A fierce, wild land carved by ocean winds into a mix of barren land and wet salty moors. An inhospitable land occupied by equally inhospitable people. Alazahrians are fierce, independent, feuding 

collection of individuals. Once a colony of the Misty Isles, Alazahr is a splintered collection of wildly varying societies. A common thread among them all is the powerful animosity of the Misty Isles and a 

fierce and abiding passion to be independent and free. Dress & Decoration: Alazahr follows the Misty Isles' clothing styles except the tunic is worn longer and boots are common in urban areas while sandals 

predominate in the marshlands. The Isles' wrap is rarely worn as it is seen as a sign of slavery and oppression. Other changes are the addition of belts, ties and loops to hang clothing as well as a gamut of 

colors to traditional garments. Outlook: Stubborn, determined and harsh; filled with a fierce and feral independence mixed with avid participation in their new government. Eating and cuisine are high art forms.

 Slavery is ill tolerated abroad and abhorred in their homeland. Society: Only recently freed, nationalism is tempered by a populace ready to rebel against the slightest hint of oppression. Alazahrians love to 

revel in their differences more than seek social unity. Law is a contradiction with no singular codex enforced. In the harshest sense, strength and power matter more than truth every will in their society. 

Religion & Power: Primary religions are the Amarydion and Borsala. Magik is viewed favorably and seen as a natural force of life while psychic power and technology is unknown outside of superstition. 

Spiritualism strikes a deep chord and their folk lore, legends and common tales are full of animistic references. Prejudices & Fears: Alazahrians fear slavery, loss of independence and individuality more than 

death or humiliation. They have an abiding animosity toward the Misty Isles due to the long subjugation of their land by that country.