Aradnast 

Background: A complex nation made out of smaller ones and divided by vastly differing geographic regions, wildly disparate races and outlooks. Aradnast is one more because of historical ties than communal or 

social ones. The Elves hold to the forested bank and rich river deltas and the Centaurs to the grassy plains between the mountains. Humans, Hobbitts, Urukk, Goblins, and Orcs live in smaller settlements without

 and without both regions and are thick in the great mountains. Joining them in the Gibbering Mountain ranges are the roving tribal bands of Throon. The major communities within Aradnast have strong 

isolationistic tendencies but are harmonious enough when acting as a nation. Dress & Decoration: Garments are loose and open with lacing and pins predominating over buttons. The short cloak is used for warmth 

and to provide protection from weather. Hats are rare and footwear is utilitarian if worn at all. River folk wear open vests over shirts or tunics and sandals. They also dress more brightly than city 

counterparts. Those who dwell in the mountains wear whatever comes to hand, usually hides and fur. Outlook: Those who dwell in the along the coast or the plains are at-ease and sedate with life and coastal and 

river races tend to be open, relaxed, composed in attitude and open to change. Mountain life is difficult and dangerous. Mountain dwellers reflect this harsh attitude and trust few other than close kin. 

Society: In the mountains, life is what you can take, steal or rip from others and only the strongest most brutal survive the harsh winters and fiercer creatures that dwell there. Life beyond the mountains 

centers on maritime and agricultural pursuits though military expediency is no stranger. Fighting in the foothills is a year round experience that keeps the soldiery and people sharp. Frequent conflicts with 

Atenveldt are a growing dominant focus in society and religious fervor is on the rise with rumors of another religious war brewing with Atenveldt. Religion & Power: Religiously Aradnastans worship and revere 

wide scope of deities and no singular religion hold sway in the land. In the mountains, the wild tribes see magik, psychic power and technology one and the same as spiritualism: something feared and revere all 

at the same time. The plains and river folk more or less accept them all as something to be cautiously used but not to be depended upon. Prejudices & Fears: Wildly varying in scope but some common fears 

predominate among all Aradnastans. One is the loss of their homeland, another is a fear of the many man-sized and larger spiders found everywhere (in many varieties) and the scorpion men that plague the south.