Aranzian Isles 

Background: A militant and strict people culturally unified in their desire to dominate the Rainbow and Sapphire Seas. Aranzian Islanders are hardworking, industrious, focused and stern, a product of their 

environment and hectic past. Unification of their land only came by military force and the discipline hasn't declined since that fateful date. While community focused individualism is a strong understated 

ideal. Aranzians are strict but fair in their use of national power. Dress & Decoration: The basic garment is a short tunic and layers of clothing are added as needed, usually a waterproof cloak, brined hat, 

boots if on land, sandals while at see. Aranzian style is hodgepodge and tends to suit the environment more than the accord of some style of fashion. Outlook: The Aranzian ideal is to serve one's country 

faithfully and well, earning standing and fame through militant and adventurous deeds edifying themselves, their family and kingdom. Aranzians are very rank conscious due to the power afforded to reputation and

 fame. At the same time they believe any person can move up in rank through application and deeds. Aranzians live by the 3 tenets of service, standing and fame. Society: The isles mentality has formed a complex

 interplay of status, rank and position and an Aranzian can instantly recognize another's status or rank by how they dress, act, speak and move. Strangers without this ability are frequently confused by this. 

Aranzian society is broken into royalty, nobility, commoners, slaves and criminals. Religion & Power: Primary religions are the Borsala, Megalon and Machichrondahr though Borsala dominates religiously. Magik is

 viewed favorably and seen and used where applicable. Psychic power and technology are known and respected but much less utilized. Spiritualism is considered sheer folly and folk lore though religiously 

oriented spiritualism is widely accepted. Prejudices & Fears: Aranzians fear their acts may bring dishonor on one's family or nation, the loss of rank and are uncomfortable when away from the ocean for long 

periods. Aranzians have a strong prejudicial view towards not religiously orientated spirits and react with derision to such things.