Arduin 

Background: Arduin is the mythic land of the nexus; a wild and diverse place that enjoys the joys and perils of high civilization hand in hand with the dangers and wildness of the deepest feral lands. All 

things come to Arduin in time like all roads lead to Arduin. Arduin boasts (correctly) that it is the commercial and social hub for change. This enviable position has earned both enemies and friends. Of all the

 things said of Arduin, one thing is true, it is a diverse and ever changing place. Dress & Decoration: No single dress or appearance defines the country but instead a kaleidoscope of styles, clothing types, 

and coiffures are a common reality. Outlook: Arduinians are very open minded and break classes of people along wealth and influence, with an outlook that moving upward or downward is easily (sometimes too 

easily) done. Overt signs of wealth are seen as crass while expensive but understated wealth is viewed in good taste. Expensive is good but flashy is not. Arduinians are somewhat callous to the wonders of the 

world than other cultures due to the nexus but still delight in the unusual. Arduinians believe strongly in self-reliance. They also don't wonder if they are the toughest, most versatile of people – they know 

it without doubt. It's less arrogance than solid tested assurance. Society: Open and cosmopolitan in outlook, Arduin is one of the few lands that outlawed slavery. They are more enlightened in attitude and 

openness than their neighbors and see mixing of culture due to the ingress of people from the nexus. Arduinians are considered very worldly in their views and adaptable to strange, quixotic situations. Tough 

minded and flexible, Arduinians have a pervading national spirit and belief in citizenship. Religion & Power: Strong religious diversity but the Lady of the Silver Moon, Skirin, Shagrath, Xuanth, Eru, Saren, 

Megalon, Amarydion, Borsala and Heldoré are very powerful. Magik, Psychic Power and spiritualism are well accepted and entrenched. Folk lore is replete with spiritual references and superstition is believed in 

but not pervading. Prejudices & Fears: Arduinians have more than their normal share of bogeymen, which, frighteningly, are usually real!