Armandoria 

Background: The country is dominated by bloody religious theocratic nobility and carved into large provinces that serve almost as nations. The country maintains a voracious appetite for slaves and slavery is 

the coin and trade for Armandoria, not to mention the stamp by which the measure of one's wealth is made. Religious fanatics are everywhere and report on one another is to gain favor. The non-zealots consist of

 folk no more fair or foul than any other nation but who do little to stand out or attract attention, lest they become the next sacrifice or victim of the bloody religion. Dress & Decoration: A shapeless tunic 

or robe, worn loose or belted as needed. Hats are worn by nobility and the religiously powerful as is any clothing that hides the head, hands or eyes. Outlook: For the zealots, to serve their religion and their

 dark deity is everything and they will do anything if commanded. Outside of the religious elite, the zealots are drugged drones with little thought. Non-zealot people do everything not to gain the attention of

 the religious rulers and live as best they can. Society: The current religious rule has champed out all but the smallest vestiges of the previous Armandorian culture, using oppression, re-education and the 

knife to enact their will. High brooding ziggurats stretch skyward, smeared with the blood of thousands, breeding a shadowy heavy darkness that falls on the people forced to huddle around its base. Buildings 

press and lean, squeezing passages and cramping space while people live above and below the cobbled streets. Darkness is omnipresent in the land. Violence and bloodshed are the norm and even the dead are not 

left to rest but made to toil, labor and do violence. Religion & Power: The bloody religion that holds sway here is a mixture of Tanabras, Shagrath and Set and forbids all but the religious elite to use magik, 

psychic power or technology. Spiritualism is reviled and the dark priests have found ways to kill, poison or maim the spirits of their land. Prejudices & Fears: Zealots and non-zealots alike fear the law to 

some extent though non-zealots fear it the most. Non-zealots fear the darkness as many foul and horrible things fall upon people in the oppressive night.