Bossalia 

Background: Bossalia is a mountainous nation with a central plateau of rolling hills, lakes, and forests, known for its obstinate hardy people. The land is wild and arduous, and Bossalians live in strong, 

highly fortified towns and mountain communities. They control the terrain and mountains by dominating the precious few easy passes through them. While the forgotten cataclysmic event that split the Heaven Wall 

Mountains and Pylomere Mountains lowered the region, the Heaven Wall and Pylomere mountain ranges rival the Mountains of Madness in height, rising to 20,000 ft elevations. What few navigable passes exist 

through the region are considered gold, literally so, since almost all transport and trade is through these few precious corridors. A crude level of steam power is prevalent in the region, mainly in Dwarven 

hands and a few others, the secrets to its power jealously guarded and hoarded. This technology is used to move water – piped down from the aqueducts high in the mountains. Dress & Decoration: Tends toward the 

utilitarian, crafted of softened hide or thick cotton, padded and warmly lined. Boots are common, well shod and worked to ensure warmth. The brüdo (a wide scarf with many small pockets, wrapped around the body)

 is a must for travelers. Outlook: Bossalians are a hardy, tough lot, not given to lengthy speech but generous at the same time and moderately tempered in relation to the harshness of their land. Prudence is a 

virtue and they tend to trust little until proof of a stranger's intentions is known. Three widely recognized means to show proof of good intent is to share heat, to share food or to set aside one's weapons. 

Society: Bossalia has a long history and takes much from the heritage bequeathed upon them by the Rhingalorean Dwarves. The nation that exists now was born out of the crossroads of cultures in the aftermath of 

the Nexus Wars. Invasions from Falohyr and Tharkhala shaped their destiny and society and formed the different settlements into the binds to bind into one entity against outsiders. Bossalia takes its strength 

from its harsh mountain home, the toughness of its inhabitants, a can-do attitude and the careful, tactical use of gaining the right advantage against opponents. Among the different subcultures of Bossalia 

several traditions are held in common. All true oaths are sworn over fire, for to do so is to bind it before the gods, sealing all your heirs until fulfilled. A lesser but strong oath is to chisel the oath in 

stone or forge in steel. Heat is shared to anyone, even enemies during the cold winter months. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of Heldoré, Temple of Iron (Odin, Thor, Uller), Boreas and 

Diora as the most powerful. The use of psychic power and spiritualism is looked upon with great distrust, suspicion and unease. Magik, and technology are held on even ground and widely utilized where possible. 

Prejudices & Fears: A dislike of Falohyr exists, mainly driven by recent events. Internally the High Elves are tolerated but not well liked and they equally dislike everyone else, preferring isolation. 

Bossalian Dwarves have an unspoken but felt fear that they will never recover the lost heritage of their Rhingalorean ancestors.