Chardos 

Background: The kingdom of Chardos is a nation well known for its maritime exploits and past glory. At its height, Chardos encompassed a region far south among the archipelago islands and along the southern 

coast as far as present day Aradnast and to Marmachand borders. Time and internal corruption slowly eroded this empire until, for a time, it held only its home islands. When Chardos pulled out of this time of 

decay, it found its once great grip on the seas and oceans replaced by newer nations, namely those of Vargalla and Rainbow Isles. The result has been a reemergence of nationalism in Chardos and the spur to 

return to its once glorious empire. Gaining control of the mainland colonies near the Green Hell and the Agorian Mountains proceeded quickly and easily, but a return to dominance economically has been a long 

and difficult struggle. Dress & Decoration: Traditional Chardosian garments include a short, near skirt worn by males and females alike, usually with sandals and an open halfvest or short tunic. They also have 

an open-faced shirt with ‘wings' that wrap around the waist and lower torso and form a ‘V' across the chest. Chardosian sailors adopted short trousers (they clasp at the knee) early on in history and this has 

joined the short tunic and low boots of the Chardosian warrior. Other influences are prominently evident and just as many people wear garments of nations. Chardosians are rarely found without a dagger by their 

side, and even sometimes two or three. The dagger is the sole weapon allowed everywhere without question, as many settlements and cities require the relinquishing of weapons in order to keep the peace. Outlook:

 The Chardosian view on life helps little either, as the average Chardosian is indulgent and rather vengeful over small matters. This has always led to internal feuds and squabbles over the slightest matters, 

especially in the Chardosian Assembly. The average Chardosian is somewhat lazy and often binges, most often in the luxuries of life but sometimes in more pursuits that are industrious. Some break out of this 

mold and generally are the most prosperous non-plutocrats or find their way in the military or on foreign shores. Chardosians are somewhat jaded in their amusements and fun activities, constantly seeking the 

new and exciting to enliven their lives. Society: Plutocrats hold the power in Chardos and policy stems from their decisions made in the Great Assembly of Charda. While the equivalent to kings in their own 

small demesnes, the right to steer the helm of the nation lies solely with the Assembly. It's the one singular Chardosian passion and Chardosians are avidly involved in their plutocrats' lives and politics. 

Infighting in the Assembly often reaches legendary proportions, and in one closed assembly or another disputes have broken out in bloodshed and murder. Such acts have given rise to a special guard for the 

Assembly, the Snarling Quarl. While somewhat famous for their tenacity and extreme tact, most of the other Chardosian legions and leàrs somewhat derogatively call them the tremble cats and don't consider them 

real soldiers. When not in the Assembly raising voices to sway the gathering in one favored direction or another, the plutocrats rule from their rural estates or urban homes, caring for their parcel of Chardos.

 The plutocratic families long ago divided Chardos and the colonies into portions under their control, and families have grown or receded with the change of times. Chardosians have a long history of involved 

intrigue, spying and political underhandedness to gain favor politically, or in commerce. It is a great game they play and the factions and splinter factions politically within their government never sleep, 

trying to gain advantage over one another. The plutocrats in the Assembly must play off the different factions (and usually rivals in their own families) to stay in power and to generally get things done. 

Religion & Power: The nation is religiously diverse with the religions of Cat-of-fire, Borsala, Xuanth, Deamonshyra, and Abbraxadon in power. Magik is viewed well as is technology and psychic power. 

Spiritualism is tolerated but feared versus accepted. Prejudices & Fears: The sun is brutal during the summer months on the island and Chardosians have a healthy respect for its power. A time of darkness in 

their past has instilled a thorough fear of the night and uneasiness of shadows. Extended family is important in Chardos, since those related to you by blood are generally (but not always) trustworthy. To 

Chardosians, blood affixes a certain presumption of trust, and is a bridge not easily burned.