Chorynth 

Background: A renaissance styled swashbuckling culture ruled by fourteen self-named sea princes, one for each coastal city, Chorynth was once the kingdom of the Malanchian isles before falling to a coup by 

followers of the World Snake Set. Declaring the isles sanctified to Set, the priests shed blood and despoiled the land for 48 years before the people rose up against them. While the loss in life was terrible, 

the Malanchians would rather pay any price in blood and death to attain freedom rather than lie one minute under the shadow of the Great Snake and its fanged daggers. After no trace of the snake priests were to

 be found on the isle, the people chose new rulers, each city taking one, and thus began the reign of the sea princes. Chorynth was the name of their greatest hero during this time and they took his name as 

their new nation. Dress & Decoration: Chorynthian dress is as brash, bold, and confused as their architecture, and defining a style to Chorynth is like trying to hold the winds in one's hand. Still, in a way, 

this is the definition of Chorynth's style and they delight in the chaos of their differences. Tattoos are commonplace and Chorynthians decorate their bodies, clothes, and everything else with accouterments to 

proclaim their status and the louder more garish or in ill taste (at least to others) the better. Outlook: Chorynthians are loud and boisterous as a rule of thumb, live their lives at the rate of a speeding 

Thorg, and don't like to think there is something they cannot do. The salt of the sea is in their blood, and they live and die by its gifts. The chip on their shoulder comes from a deep seated belief that the 

world owes them for their bad path in the past, and they are determined to take their worth from the world, one way or another. Society: Chorynth is a society where sea princes rule individual ports as he or 

she sees fit, making for some interesting, often contradictory, and energetic differences. The widely varying opinions of the sea princes tend more towards internal conflict than outward, and the Chorynthians 

unfortunately, more often than not end up fighting among each other more than anyone else. Every 45 years or earlier (usually due to death or accident), a Prince of Princes is selected from the fourteen to 

represent the isles as a whole to other nations. The position is highly coveted and goes to the prince who can buy, kill, or convince a majority of the other princes to vote for him or her. The end of a Prince 

of Princes time is always a bloody time in Chorynth. No Prince of Princes has every willingly or peacefully handed over the rule of the country without some conflict, and the process of change is never an easy 

transition for the country. The commerce of the islands is pirating or trading as they call it with others. Chorynthians, or Malanchians as they are also sometimes called, rarely purchase their cargos but 

instead prey on others for goods or even scavenge wrecks. This attitude has started more than one war with other nations, such as the currently inactive, but ongoing conflicts with the Aranzian Isles, Sandara 

and the Misty Isles to name a few. It's their way of life and they seem to feel there is nothing wrong with preying, as they say, on the fish. Most sea captains out of Chorynth are more the scavenger variety 

than truly ‘sea wolves' though some have attained a rather bloody reputation in their aggressiveness for trading. Religion & Power: Religiously diverse though Borsala has a power and thriving religion. All 

powers are viewed tolerably and well, especially if they provide benefit to life or work. Prejudices & Fears: A total hatred and antipathy for anything related to Set in any of his guises is in the Chorynthian 

mindset, due to a 105 year long rapine rule by priests of the World Snake. This dark stain in the past has never died out in the eyes of the Chorynthians, nor the hatred for the acts of the priests during that 

time frame.