Chrysolia 

Background: Chrysolia is an old nation, the twin to neighboring Atenveldt. Its founding is rooted in similar lines except its early history was one of upheaval and conflict brought on by the flood of divergent 

people clashing against the existing people in the land. To deal with this conflict and the vacuum that followed warring, the people of Chrysolia developed codes of honor and valor early in its history. These 

codes provided the necessary structure to deal with the wrestles and eventually involved into strong laws. The leaders who towered above others in this disordered time took on noble status (and some, even 

mythical proportions). The strong, predominately militant religion preventing the great majority of migrants to the soil of Khaora upheld the growing ideals of honor and a need for law for the chaos of the land

 in their infancy and ensured early on the ideals would do more than serve the ruling class, or became a means of glorifying war. Dress & Decoration: Clothing comes in many fashions in Chrysolia depending on 

social status. However divergent the race, pedigree, or social rank, no Chrysolian feels comfortable out in the weather without the customary lèlèmon. Voluminous, this long, quilted garment is also called the 

skin cloak for its facility in wrapping tightly around its wearer if desired. Heavy enough to provide warmth and repellent to inclement weather, the lèlèmon is equally cool in heated times if the wearer looses 

the fastenings and allows it to billow and stir in the wind. Outlook: The pedigree of a person's line is important in Chrysolia and the ability to count back to the founding of the noble line is not only 

necessary but also expected for important occasions. To enter into the armigers of the land, scion of the noble families must prove his or her pedigree. Out of the armigers (those with the right to bear arms) 

come the various orders of knighthood, primarily supported by various noble families, the crown, or the religious orders. Those outside of noble bloodlines care much less for declining their pedigree from a 

historical sire but still place a certain amount of importance on their roots. Society: Chrysolia is a centralized under a king and supported by a ruling class of wealthy nobles, civilians, and successful 

military leaders. This is a system of ruling evolved early in their long history. The government as a whole is run in a militaristic and authoritarian style, where laws are strict but fair and even, applying 

upwards as well as down. The plutocratic nobility have certain rights over commoners and slaves have none, but all is right with this system in Chrysolia. After all, what has stood the test of time since early 

after their founding cannot be wrong can it? Thus follows Chrysolian thought, at least. The order of their land is built into them, blood and bone, from their birth to the last tottering steps of their death. 

They never fight it, accepting it is the ‘way of life', and some will have privilege over others. They known their nobles and king seats those positions due to divine right, founded on deeds of true nature 

untarnished by stain or misdeed. Those who do not live up to this image find their people unhappy and discontent, liable to revolt and ‘cleanse' the stain away in blood to make it right. The fact they could, 

and no other noble would stand against them (if the cause was just and true) is just another  salient facet of Chrysolian nature. All nobility of the realm are landed, mostly through hereditary titles passed on

 generation to generation via the blood of the firstborn. Only the legitimate can inherit but bastards are not looked down upon. Bastards claimed by their father (or mother's) take upon an appellation similar 

to their sire. Those with means can purchase a writ of lower nobility from the crown and establish a noble line, but must back up the writ with land commensurate to the title within one cycle or forfeit all. 

Since no lord seeks to lose land, many attempt to claim their tracts of land by wit or blade from Atenveldt or the great mountains. Bestowing a title of Siege lord to competent commanders is common to 

Chrysolia, and the title holds the status of lesser nobility, though the lands cared for are in the crown reserve and do not confer to the family. Such titles are given only to show royal favor and is something

 earned with repeated and rarely singular service. Religion & Power: The nation is religiously closed with the deities Megalon, Vanaan, Lady of the Silver Moon, and Ta-Taru in power. All the powers, except 

religious ones are viewed with suspicion. Prejudices & Fears: Ghandamahl is both feared and reviled. This land is viewed with a mixture of anguish and anger, mainly because the influence of Ghandamahl creeps 

slowly in Chrysolia every cycle and takes away land from her magnificence domain. The creep of the Ghandamahli taint seems unstoppable and its black soil is a curse heaped upon the head of enemies and that 

possessed land.