Chund 

Background: An old land, but prosperous still, and vibrant, Chund has seen the rise and fall of many enemies, and weathered them all. Chund is a land resplendent with abundant lush forests and fertile plains 

areas fed by the Divine River and all its tributaries. As a center of trade and learning, Chund is rarely equaled, and it wars economically with its neighbors to control the land trade of the region as well as 

the seas. The level of national prosperity over the last 10 to 20 cycles has led to the rise of a strong middle class for a realm of its size. While this growth of the middle class has changed the power balance

 of the country somewhat, the leadership of the government and the nation still lay with the priests and magicians. Both of these have been powers since the beginnings of Chund's history and both have managed 

to keep a grip on the government through all Chund's history. Currently, the Chundian wizards are the power, and lead the nation, ruling from the ancient capitol of Chunda as their center of power. The move 

from Krastemya, the favored center of the Chund's religious powers, was a calculated move last cycle that hamstrung several plots by the priests, and cut their power base. Dress & Decoration: Dress in Chund is 

akin to Ghorfar and the Dreaming Isles but takes more freely from surrounding cultures. The people wear tunics, long and short, richly decorated with threadwork, brocade and other materials. Trousers are the 

affected wear, tucked into boots or gartered. Headbands of the isles are seen here, but only of metals and decorations typifying nobility, influence, or financial status. Chundians use the button, ties, lacing 

and pins to attire clothing. Outlook: Chundians are intensely private, regarding public displays of emotion undignified and revealing; not that they are cold and unfeeling by any means but emotion is kept 

hidden until translated into action. A Chundian out of control is undesirable and shameful. It's akin to failure and something ill tolerated. While rarely coming out of this guarded exterior, there are times 

when it is acceptable, such as during the numerous public festivals and monthly celebrations to celebrate some past holiday or event. Then the sobriety and stoic mien of Chundians crack and they revel freely 

and fully without social pressure conforming them to do otherwise. Society: Chund is a land resplendent with abundant lush forests and fertile plains area fed by the Divine 18 River and all its tributaries. As 

center of trade and learning, Chund is rarely equaled, and it wars economically with its neighbors to control the land trade of the region as well as the seas. The level of national prosperity over the last ten

 to twenty cycles has led to the rise of a strong middle class for a realm of its size. While this growth of the middle class has changed the power balance of the country somewhat, the leadership of the 

government and the nation still lay with the priests and magicians. A power since the beginnings of Chund's history, both have managed to keep a grip on the government through all Chund's history. Currently, 

the Chundian wizards are the power and lead the nation, ruling from the ancient capitol of Chunda as their center of power. The move from Krastemya, the favored center of the Chundian religions was a calculated

 move last cycle that hamstrung several plots by the priests and cut their powerbase. Despite the growth of the middle class the bulk of people are still peasantry. Advancement in society is accepted and 

possible, but it requires wealth, influence, and knowledge. While most of the peasantry will never attain any growth from their societal tier, in Chund the striving towards betterment is a consuming aspiration,

 passed on to generation to generation until it is met. Often by then, the early goals of a father, or their father's father have given before new ones for a higher position socially. This never-ending circle 

drives Chundian aspirations and consumes them, as failure is such a drastic reversal for Chundians that they might suicide or become divorced from reality. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities 

Chu-Khem, Justinorn, Aegyptian Pantheon, Skirin, and Fahde dominating. Technology is known but seen more the provenance of ancient times than the current. Magik is the true power and it overshadows all others, 

keeping spiritualism and psychic power in its shadow. Prejudices & Fears: The fine art of revenge is strongly entrenched in Chund. A Chundian might wait generations, allowing cycles to pass to have his 

descendants reveal sweet revenge on a hated enemy. The record of actions taken to fulfill the retribution is documented in a journal, often passed down as examples or for continuation by heirs. Some of these 

documents have achieved notoriety all their own, sometimes extending well beyond the scope of the act of revenge.