Cirthian League 

Background: The Cirthian League is a maritime nation with coastal colonies well known for its adventuresome merchants and low tolerance for rivals or pirates, going legendary extends to circumcise either. The 

Cirthian League as a power has grown quietly in the background, flowering to strength in its out of the way location to most. Their origins were not well detailed and they are more future-oriented than 

historical savvy. After the reconstruction in the aftermath of the Nexus Wars, few considered the northern island country a threat and it was most ignored. This was an unexpected mistake. Now, Cirthian 

merchants are found everywhere the sea touches, even as far as the Misty Isles, trading in goods and wares. Dress & Decoration: Clothing styles vary wildly and are quite faddish, running for several years and 

then dying out. Knowing what to expect when a merchant-captain returns to port is part of the League's charm, and they look forward to it with a mixed amount of unease and anticipation. The Leagues sailors and 

soldiers are perhaps the singular stable piece in tapestry of stylish changes that occur. They wear the traditional breeches that are very loose all the way down and left open at the bottom, falling to about 

mid-calf. This was joined with low, heelless shoes, nether-hose, a small, knit hat and a doublet or loose shirt with an open ‘v' neck tightened  with laced ties. A long waterproof cassock often joins the 

ensemble in inclement weather. Cirthian League mariners use the tunic and trousers approach, with a broad belt useful for equipment and a surcoat or tabard for those official or dress occasions. Outlook: 

Cirthian Leaguers are very now and future oriented and they tend to disregard the past. They also tend to find cultural, social and legal barriers very flexible and have no problem bridging them. Society: The 

island nation is a political-economic combine of various guilds, primarily maritime. Many of the guilds are organized around crafts and the families that control them; some provide professional services, while 

others pursue activities covert, military or purely political in nature. As a whole, the Cirthian League is primarily a non-military entity with a wideranging trade network and powerful commercial shipping 

fleet. They have a reputation and people say, despite its rather remote location, anything legal or illegal can be obtained by a Cirthian should the price be sufficient to pursue it! They wield considerable 

economic and political clout out of proportion with their size, and are in direct conflict with the nearby Tallassan Isles and other island trading nations. The Cirthian League's hidden strength is their 

ability to cooperate as a unit, even though the many individual guilds that make of its governing council has differing goals. These facilities of cooperation, coupled with the two golden rules of the League 

have made them quite successful. First of the rules is total neutrality towards all other nations in the world. Cirthian League merchants are willing to trade with all, even their bitterest trade rivals if it 

is profitable. The second is no one attacks their ships and lives to spread the tale. Their merchant-captains and masters of magik keep the vessels safe, pursuing pirates and attackers to the ends of the world.

 In the pursuit of a pirate or corsair is the only time Cirthian will turn away from a profit or the chance to deal. They suffer no one or thing that will attack their shipping or trade factors on land, though 

they tenacious, dogged reputation for vengeance is more known on the sea than without. The Cirthian League Guilds are famous, but mistakenly thought of as one great, singular entity. In truth, they are small 

and consist of little more than a family. Those with a common interest build ties to bond into one guild but fight to keep their individuality. The Merchants Guild, for example, is the most numerous and 

powerful in its influence, yet is made of hundreds of smaller guilds, some of which are further broken down even more. Religion & Power: The nation is religiously closed with the deities Borsala, Cat-Of-Fire, 

Boreas, and Tamareth dominating. Magik is viewed well and applied as is the technology they know. Psychic power is rarely spoken of and despised. Spiritualism is a source of fear and attraction to leaguers. 

Prejudices & Fears: Cirthian leaguers worry about guild connections and their status within the guild, seeing this as a vast factor in life.