Cyndyra 

	Background: Cyndyra is a young, squabbling nation broken away from Höhenaré and Zirhaine during a time of chaos and fighting. Still very young as a nation, Cyndyra is barely two generations removed from is 

founding. Dress & Decoration: Cyndyrans have abandoned the traditional burnoose and thigh length boots, and accepted differing garb more in common with the tunics and robes of the Zirhaine. The change has built

 a growing schism between the older, more traditional heads still in power and the younger generation making the change. Outlook: Cyndyra has not forgotten its desert heritage, even if the last two cycles have 

seen a departure from this thinking in many ways. The hot-blooded tempers and zest for life inherent in the Kurjian live on in the Cyndyra. Just like their ancestors, the more modern Cyndyra are a wild, fierce,

 headstrong people. They live fully and well, perhaps because their lifespan tends to be shorter than other Humans in Khaora as most die in their late forties and early fifties. Cyndyra have not forgotten the 

rules of the desert that was their home for some long, and are just as quick to move, both in celebration and in conflict, and now cities instead of tribes fight amongst each other. Still, somehow they can do 

so without ever losing the sense of cheerful camaraderie that dominates the personal relations between them all. Society: Cyndyra is a mélange of people, where the self-styled emperor rules more as one among 

equals than with overriding power. Leadership goes to whoever can sway enough of the other semiautonomous provinces into following his lead. Its culture is still under great change, constantly defining and 

redefining its identity with every year. The Cyndyra no live and move in tribes, largely independent of each other save when they meet to trade or join in battle against a common foe. Cities are growing, 

expanding beyond a place of meeting, trade, and government and into where the many of the nomadic people choose to live. Organized trade it beginning, first with the Dwarves of Tremble Heart in their 

underground cities (even though they are nominally part of Cyndyra, they reject the idea and act almost entirely autonomous) and now to their neighbors, especially the Shinda-Khai of the Skohrzaki Domain, whom 

they have old ties. Religion & Power: Religiously open and disorganized with the varying religions of Pegonus, Jurakk, Skirin, Saren, and Sunsagora in power. Technology, magik, spiritualism, and psychic are 

viewed tolerably and used where applicable with some suspicion. Prejudices & Fears: Clothing styles are not the only way the latest generations of Cyndyrans are changing this new nation. With nothing beyond the

 old traditions and habits to define their culture, younger Cyndyrans are seeking out new thoughts, ideas, and ways of living life. Cyndyrans are rather sensitive towards persecution or maligning due to their 

desert origins, even though they are embracing a new life beyond the desert. They tend to become deadly serious and vindictive in these situations and respond with the sharp edge of their Tulwar.