Dallasta 

Background: Dallasta has only recently sprung to life again, after a period of dominance by Chrysolia, so many changes are expected as the cycles of time progress. The separation was recent and Chrysolia has 

fought the break away of the land that was once part of their realm with all their passion. Dress & Decoration: Clothing comes in many fashions in Dallasta depending on social status. Dallastans retained the 

use of the lèlèmon, though they call this voluminous, long quilted garment a hosseamelé. Heavy enough to provide warmth and repellent to inclement weather, the hosseamelé is equally cool in heated times if the 

wearer looses the fastenings and allows it to billow and stir in the wind. Outlook: Something purely Dallastan in origin is their sangfroid. They have the stiff upper lip and seeming endless capacity to put up 

with unspeakable and terrible hardships, embracing it with a cheerfulness that is almost pathological in intensity. Society: Dallasta is a nation centralized under a queen and supported by a ruling class of 

wealthy nobles, civilians, and successful military leaders. The government as a whole is run in a militaristic and authoritarian style, where laws are strict but fair and even, applying upwards as well as down.

 Many of the mechanisms in place in Dallasta retain their strong roots to Chrysolia and the laws are very similar at this time. All nobility of the realm are landed, currently through the queen's will, and she 

has handed over lands to many victorious generals who have won battles against Chrysolia. She favors the title of siege lord, like her rival Chrysolia, and hands them out frequently to those who gain favor in 

her sight. The old noble lines of Dallasta have sprung anew, but the queen has not said one way or another whether these lines will gain her acceptance, as she retains all power to accept or deny the right of 

noble blood to bear weapons, own land, and make war in her name. Queen Adrailese is very visibly bitter toward many of the old nobility of Dallasta for their failure to keep her family in power, and the Nine 

Lords, those who betrayed Dallasta near its fall and fled the field before Chrysolia at the end of the War of Sorrows bear her eternal ill will. Perhaps only the chivalric ideals she learned in Talafar has kept

 her from outright annihilation many of the older noble lines that have crept back into Dallasta proclaiming their allegiance and desire to serve the queen (as well as gain their lands and prestige back). Her 

desires are not certain on this yet and they play a dangerous game lengthened by the continued warring with Chrysolia that distracts the queen. The queen rules with a firm, personal hand in the affairs of all 

her nobility and people, something neither of which are familiar to either of them. She has a special core of envoys she calls Salamanders, which are the direct extension of her will to the nobility. Drawn from

 their own ranks and from a select few she designates, she uses them to support nobles she likes or prepare the path to halt any rebellion of discord, and any number of other things. Queen Adrailese also has 

another very new sect of ambassadors she sends out to the commoners called the Queen's Hand. This organization is semi-military and is heavily picketed with religions and their priests. Still, the queen desires

 they go out to the people to bolster support for the cause of Dallasta, and for her, personally, so as to not have a return of the acid feelings under her family that caused the Nine Lords to break on the 

field and her grandfather's own brother to turn against him. They spread the word of her policies and ensure people know why and for whom they fight. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the religions of 

Megalon, Vanaan, Lady of the Silver Moon, and Ta-Taru in power. Technology, magik, spiritualism, and psychic power are viewed with suspicion if not negatively regarded as dishonorable. Prejudices & Fears: The 

pedigree of a person's line is important in Dallasta, a carry over from Chrysolia not yet stamped out.