Dreaming Isles 

Background: The history of the Dreaming Isles is old, its hoary origins written in blood, misery, and evil. The first kingdom ruling its shores was a bitter darkness that blighted the islands and mainland, 

carving out a great empire. It fell in the chaos that revolved around the Interstellar Wars but another empire soon rose to power on the isles. They too were heirs to a dark legacy, perhaps taken from the ones 

who had dwelled on the isles before them. This empire, while similar in style was nowhere as powerful or grand, and fell as the Shadow of the One cast its dark shadow over the land. Overmatched, it decayed in 

its grip and was gone, fallen into history. Others have come and gone but the latest nation to claim the throne of the islands is a brighter one than most. Even so it still lies in the shadow of the darkness 

that will never quite shake from the islands. Nowhere near as ambitious as its predecessors, this nation has stayed sleepily content with its internal disputes and lazy colonizing of the islands stretching 

eastward. This has afforded enough adventure for its adventuresome and given an outlet for the restless feeling that dominates many in the land. Dress & Decoration: The people wear fitted tunics, hose, or 

breeches and often tasseled robes embroidered with small repeated patterns or rosettes. Headbands of wool, stone, gold or metal usually accompanies and shows status. Boots predominate due to the old scourge of 

snakes on the island. Islanders are fond of lacing, buttons, and ties to secure clothing and enjoy the use of brocade, velvets, and other materials to add style and taste to clothing. Outlook: Islanders in 

general are quiet, tenacious, and scholarly, but equally enjoy games, races and athletic and military pursuits. The theatre is highly enjoyed in the isles as is displays of magik and technology, where many an 

enterprising inventor or aspiring wizard can often find sponsorship by an admiring patron. While of calm mien mainly, if they should feel their honor is besmirched, or another sullies the family name, it could 

spark off a decadeslong blood feud. To counter these frequently bloody decimations, ceremony has grown around ending feuds during one of the many festivals of the islands, where aggrieved parties can seek 

satisfaction or pardon during this time. Society: The Dreaming isles are a vibrant land, sleepily content in its superiority of the seas and the lands it controls. While in the past the kingdom dabbled in 

colonialism, the spur to do so has long passed and they regard their most successful colony, Ghorfar, with a mix of condescension and a little pride. The individual islands are considered provinces governed by 

nobles who give fealty to the monarch. Most grants of nobility are titular and without lands, but the families involved often can stretch the history of their bloodlines deep into the past. The play between the

 nobles is an old game, sleepily played in languorous plots and stratagems whose original goals are long lost after they are played to the end. The nobility have formed parties and platforms in which to 

influence and pressure the throne, often having a great say in the politics languidly whirling around the kingdom. The current leading party is stiffly opposed to anything outside their nationalistic drive and 

for colonizing further in the islands dotting the great eastern ocean. Religion & Power: The nation is religiously closed with Tamareth, Ta-Taru, Borsala, Megalon, and Azaerawe in power. Recent religious 

dissention has ripped the lands and the growing conflict is a tangible atmosphere in the isles. The monarch is angered that many of the populace do not share his view of the goddess Tamareth. He has reacted 

poorly to the response of his people towards his newfound religion. Violence is very likely to erupt over the issue, especially from the followers of Ta-Taru who previously held the position as state religion. 

Magik is prominent, well regarded, and considered is a fine profession. Technology is more subtly seen in society, though engineers are as equally regarded as wizards. Spiritualism and psychic power are well 

regarded but player a lesser role due to the dominance of magik and technology. Prejudices & Fears: Islanders feel superior to other nations and peoples and are not afraid to let it show in conversation or 

actions. This has led to more than one conflict with other nations, specially the Misty Isles and its former colonies.