Entraghar 

Background: Entraghar was a feudal aristocracy until the end of the Nexus Wars catapulted their society into chaos. When the anarchy ended, Entraghar and its ideals were born into the world. At first, the rule 

by many was chaos but it soon formed into a smooth (if slow) process. Most Entraghari live on the Ceruyi plains though some settlements lie elsewhere, usually for military or economic reasons. The fact most of 

southern Entraghar is not easily inhabitable is a strong reason why it is still theirs. Armandoria, on the other hand, has sighted Entraghar as a land that must come under the domination of the snake priests, 

and is pressing hard on its borders, economically and militarily. Entraghar in turn has entreated both the kings of Tharkhala and Arvalessa for assistance, and both have responded, Arvalessa by broadening 

economic ties and Tharkhala by applying pressure along the shared border Armandoria and against its ships on the Silver Sea. Dress & Decoration: Entraghari clothing is more utilitarian than decorative, and 

somewhat plain. They wear simple tunics with low or high boots (around knee level). They also wear trousers and shirts with equal facility but strive for usefulness over decoration every time. Entraghari use 

belts, straps, and ties frequently in their dress but no buttons. Hats are popular and various of styles are prevalent. Outlook: While dour at times, the Entraghari can and do open up and are less restrained at

 times. Society: Entraghari are a plain dealing, plain speaking folk with a hard time understanding why others take offense at their brusque manner. They do not write down anything and the Entraghari tongue has

 no written equivalent. This stems from a widely held belief that writing withers the mind and makes it weak. When they must write something down, it is done in another tongue. This is avoided, as much as 

possible, of course as an Entraghari would rather speak to a brilneutsa to have them remember than write something down! Using brilneutsa for such things is normal for Entraghari and they fulfill this niche for

 Entraghari society acting like living books to record history, things of importance or the mundane. What goes for a government in Entraghar is done by popular vote, where blocks of people, or schetsa, meet to 

ponder decisions. Every schetsa has a representative, called a cuelblic, which is a post given to one of their number to speak on behalf of the schetsa for a two-cycle. The cuelblic meets other cuelblic in a 

larger schetsa, with one of their number taking it to the next schetsa, until a majority of the people has decided on the issue. The ponderousness of their government is such that it takes years just to make a 

simple decision most of the time. The sheer ponderousness of their government is often their undoing and their inability to decide on timely issues is likely their death in the face of repeated push of 

Armandorian aggression. After periods of distinguished service, a cuelblic is often offered to act as loxlimore for the country. Loxlimores are what goes for nobility in Entraghar and act as a council of 

representatives to deal with other nations, accepting proposals or proposing measures for voting by the Entraghari to other nations. While they serve in times of peace and normalcy, Entraghari has always 

understood expediency. In these times of need, a kieurkl is elected. A kieurkl is a purely temporary post allowing for a shortcut of the system and is typically done in military situations, such as the current 

fracas with Armandoria. Life in Entraghar revolves around work and they have a 12 to 14 hour workday, working from when light strikes the mountains till it descends beyond the land. Industry is a way of life 

for the Entraghari. They believe powerfully in the toil of the hand, working faithfully at anything they turn their minds to do, even if the task is not the most efficient. It's a mindset ingrained in them. 

Religion & Power: Religiously open with the religions of Silver Lady, Brabnalda, and Diora in strongest. Technology and psychic power is looked upon with suspicion while magik is respected. Spiritualism is 

understated and deeply ingrained in society but also pointedly ignored unless and avoided unless circumstance doesn't allow. Prejudices & Fears: Entraghari are very uncomfortable around mysticism, spiritualism 

and spirits and act accordingly. Entraghari love hounds and canines of all types and it's a national passion. They prize canines and use them in every aspect of their lives and work. Dogs serve next to soldiers

 in attack packs trained to drag down enemies, especially magik using ones. They work in the fields and help herd animals. They serve in many portions of an Entraghari's life and this fact is something their 

society forgets little. Canine breeders are very well respected and have a definite niche in Entraghari society.