Falohyr 

Background: Falohyr is an old nation, with a sense of destiny extending back into the crumbling pages of history. The land was not always known by the name Falohyr but it has always played a part, by design or 

fate, in the tapestry of events surrounding Khaora. Beyond its interesting early history, Falohyr is best known for its part played in the beginning of the Nexus Wars. Its sages are attributed with discovering 

the nexus gates in Arduin. This proclamation prompted the beginning of the 10,000-year long period of wars, battles, and conflicts called the Nexus Wars, which only finally ended after the signing of the 

Accords of Arduin. When peace was finally brokered were among the first to come to the peace table. Their willingness to lay down the sword gave more than one other nation pause to consider as well. Falohyr 

also played an important, if neutral part in the Gods Flood in Khorsar. They chose not to seize land from Khorsar in the confusion of her flooding by the hand of the gods. The monarchs returning to power in 

Khorsar took note of their neutrality and overtures of peace have been considered between the two normally hostile nations. Dress & Decoration: Falohyrian dress is related to Morvaenian dress, and the universal

 fitted tunic, trouser and hood is common in Falohyr. Beyond the basic tunic, men and women alike wear full length cloaks caught at the throat or over the shoulder, and women favor long bands of cloth wrapped 

around the body to compliment open or tight shirts and vests. In the south around the Prismatic Mountains women have taken to wearing a form of mini toga over the upper body, using the folds to indicate marital

 status and fertility. This is a new fashion introduced by trade but few others have taken hold against the traditional garb. Outlook: Falohyrians are great believers in the ordainment of fate. Falohyrians tend

 to value their strength and wits above all things, and see weakness as something to be eradicated. This makes others more than not see Falohyrians as aggressive, arrogant, and quick to temper. Falohyrians have

 a very strong sense of nationalism that will even come before blood feuds should invaders or outsiders threaten the land of their fathers. Falohyrians also display a strong commitment to their family and their

 noble rulers. Falohyrians will take this to an extreme level, sometimes living through the actions of nobles as if their lives have no meaning or value to them. Society: The monarch seated on the Gryphon 

Throne rules the land with a feudal hold over landed nobles who plot and liaison against one another and surrounding countries. The Colleges and Guilds have a very strong hold in Falohyr, involved in politics 

at one level or another, mixing with the noblemen and the king to gain advantage and influence. Falohyr's location in the heart of the continent provides it with several natural borders in the north and south 

that provides protection, and allows it to concentrate on expanding its influence. The requirement by the crown for all nobles to have lands commensurate with their titles has fired younger sons for generations

 to push against the borders and each other to carve away lands. Positioned between the two mountain chains (The Prismatic and Heaven Wall), as well as the Withered Lands provide only few outlets for 

enthusiastic nobles desiring to expand their domains or for those who struggle to attain noble status. This puts them in direct conflict with the neighboring states, and the kingdom is on uneven footing with 

one or another, if not both at any given time. A powerful fact of Falohyrian life is the omnipresent religion of the Earth Mother, Amarydion. Her priestesses play a mediating influence on the lives of 

Falohyrians, often quelling the flames of war and avarice –usually to suit their own devices. More than once they have equally raised banners to chastise the neighboring counties. From Arduin to Khorsar, each 

has felt the bite of her call to arms. Aside from their kingdom wide influence in politics, the religion of the Earth Mother is highly regarded by the commoners of the land, and features heavily in their lives,

 especially those who dwell in rural areas. The Elven nobles are on the rise in Falohyr again, and are the cause of current events in the kingdom. Many Elves moved into the land both during and after the Nexus 

Wars. At one point, an Elven king sat on the Gryphon Throne until removed by a council of nobles. This was a bloody time in history for Falohyr and the act shattered the power of the Elven nobles in the land. 

Yet, over time and with great patience they have reemerged and grown strong once again. The Gryphon King watches them carefully, as do many of the other noble coalitions to see what moves may come from their 

growing strength. They fear many things, not the least of which is a traitorous selling out to Arduin, taking with them the Prismatic Mountain range region of Falohyr. Vridkrea is the national sport and pastime

 in Falohyr. Every city and settlement of any size has a permanent courtyard for vridkrea, and smaller hamlets and villages have somewhere they use as a temporary one. The rules are simple: differing teams 

attempt to move a hard ball into an opposing team's part of the court and strike one of three markers set for this purpose. This is more difficult than it appears, as they cannot use their hands, feet, or 

shins. While any number of teams can play only one ball is in play at a time. Once a team looses its three markers, they are eliminated from play. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the religions of 

Amarydion, Emerald Star Cult, and Eru prominent in order of strength. Falohyr is the seat of power for Amarydion and the religion is dominant but allows for other religions without persecution. Technology, 

spiritualism, psychic powers and magik are viewed well and applied in life where possible. Prejudices & Fears: The belief in the weaving of the skein of one's life is strong, and Falohyrians know the futility 

in struggling against one's fate with a finality that reaches into their bones. Their belief plays in many aspects in their lives especially concerning their status in life. Falohyrians will accept without 

struggle their birthright, well or bad as it may be, but do not lay down the fight. Belief in destiny takes many forms and Falohyrians have split along all the different lines of thought behind each. This 

factor more than any other grips the lives of Falohyrians, noble or not, and dictates their path in the pursuit of life and destiny. In this disparity of views, there are two major divisions of thought. Fate 

preordains a person's lot in life, and whatever is given is in the weave. The other is a polar opposite and decries such acceptance, saying the skein of life is woven indeed, but its weave is unknown to any but

 the gods. Only in the search and struggle can an individual find the path set before his or her feet in the tapestry of life.