Ghandamahl 

Background: Ghandamahl is a land where the earth holds spirits of the departed and groans with the weight of the dead. Its very earth is a deep, dark soil changed by the uneasy sleep of those departed. Sentient

 beings that die and pass on here do not go to the eternal limbo between the ethereal plane and the world but instead are trapped in the dark, dark soil of the land. Dress & Decoration: Clothing is subdued 

except during celebration, when it is bright and joyful. The number, beauty, and display of layers of clothing are used to display wealth, for males and females alike. The very rich often resemble decorated 

peacocks when dressing to impress. Ghandamahli usually wear coats, trousers, and skirts. Their clothing is usually made of cotton, linen and silk. The colors are usually black and blue, and the styles are 

usually very simple. Ghandamahli wear shoes but only in travel or harsh terrain. Otherwise, they go barefoot or wear sandals. They also have a traditional torso wrap made of silk that is roughly shaped like a 

fan. The width of the fan is wrapped around the waist and often tied with a silk belt while accompanying silk ties come together behind the neck. Outlook: The people have a heavy belief in spiritual worship 

because of this and appeasing the spirits is a powerful and necessary belief. Not doing so can incur the wrath of the spirits who rise and cause mischief, destruction, or deaths. This is an omnipresent fear for

 the Ghandamahli and they walk, work, and live with this constant presence in mind. There are entire regions of Ghandamahl is unoccupied due to events in the past that have angered enough spirits that they rise

 up and devastate the dwellings of an area or wrench the life from the living. Considered haunted, cursed, and worse, Ghandamahli call them Nibûlu Guéngo, or ‘wretched earth' and avoid them at all cost. 

Sometimes other things cause such a place to appear, most often plague or battles between armies: two things Ghandamahli avoid at all costs. Ghandamahl has not entered a war for such reasons for ten-cycles 

because of this very fact. If the despoiling oppression of the land was self-contained, Ghandamahl's adjacent countries would little care under what yoke Ghandamahl toils. This is not the case. Instead, yearly 

the influence of the land creeps farther and farther out, inching into lands of other countries and creating angst between Ghandamahl and its close neighbors. Due to the affliction in their land, Ghandamahli 

have learned to control their appetites and emotions. Ghandamahli will keep calm and peaceful miens at all times, and only the greatest of terrors or happiness moves them. No matter their inner turmoil, they 

keep such chaos within. . They speak with subtle undertones and dislike speaking directly. Their meta-language is full of innuendos, subtleties, and overtones to intimate the myriad layers upon layers of 

communication the Ghandamahli apply when they converse. Society: Everyone who is born in Ghandamahl understands the weight of destiny and their future. All things are set on the wheel of fate and its track is 

preordained. People are born into a particular class determined almost wholly by accident of birth, and the professions open to them are limited accordingly. The highest nobles are those born in the class of 

the Heavens. As they are within the house of the divine, they have large and manifest powers. This class can own large amounts of land and are often in a high position in government or in the court of 

aristocrats that rule the land. Sometimes both positions can reside with a single noble but this a rare occurrence as Ghandamahli identify highly with their positions. While the government posts take care of 

the affairs of country, the court of aristocrats administers to the people. They determine many things for Ghandamahli but perhaps their greatest power lies in full session. Here a full court can raise or 

demote a person deserving to a higher class, or undeserving to a lower one. This power is never used without debate and prior proceedings, for it means the council of aristocrats is changing the fate and 

destiny for an individual – something never done lightly. The next class of Ghandamahl is of the Land. This is the middle nobility, moderately wealthy and owners of land. To them is given the duties of caring 

for the land of Ghandamahl and to quell and lay rest the spirits. Many of these middle nobles are wizards, priests, rune weavers, and rune singers. In their hands is given the lands and its talents, one of 

which is the power of magik and the ability to act as channels of the gods. They are given great respect for their talents as well as the tasks given to their care by fate. Below class of the Land is that of 

the Salt, and it numbers among the most numerous of the castes. This caste is what goes for the middle class of Ghandamahl and includes all the merchants, selfemployed, artisans, farmers, peasants, and all 

others not slaves. These are literally the salt or lifeblood of Ghandamahl. They are the commoners of Ghandamahl and care for all things that drive and nurture the land. Slaves fell into the class of Beasts, 

and are treated as such, though care is taken so as they are not slain to return as a restless spirits poisoning the land. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the religions of animism, spiritualism, Xuanth,

 Vedic Mysteries, and Shagrath dominating. Technology is little known, psychic powers are considered to come from spiritual possession but magik is well regarded Prejudices & Fears: Ghandamahli fear the 

spirits, for their power and respect them accordingly.