Ghorfar 

Background: Ghorfar is a vibrant monarchy standing as the north most civilized nation on the continent. The country is a land with distinct ancient ties to the Dreaming Isles; protected by the high shoulders of

 mountains and its strong army, Ghorfar is a fertile, vibrant country of powerful magicians and plentiful nobility. Dress & Decoration: Ghorfarians wear fitted tunics, hose, or breeches and often gilded robes 

embroidered with small repeated patterns or designs. Silk or linen chemises and under tunics are common garments in the winter months as well as the addition of heavy furs or cloaks. Headbands of wool, stone, 

gold or metal usually accompanies and shows status. Boots predominate due to the land and the clime. Ghorfarians use buttons, hooks and ties to secure clothing, use fur trimming, layers of material, heavy 

padding, and other materials and tricks for warm against the weather and to add style and taste. Outlook: Education is highly respected and Ghorfarians have a national pride in their language, both for its 

widespread use and recognition as one of the premier arcane tongues for wizards. Society: Ghorfar is a feudal patrilineal monarchy with High Council of Lords as the primary operating arm of the government. On 

the council sits the twelve Dukes of the land as well as a thirteenth, who is the current monarch of the land. The High Council supports one family or another to the position of Arch Duke who is then crowned 

for a cycle's worth of time. Theoretically, one family could hold the position for hundreds of years if they could keep up council support during the period. In actuality, an unwritten agreement between all the

 Ducal Houses allows every family to have the crown, in turn, on a rotating basis to prevent the eruption of feuds or such domination by one Ducal house. This ensures no one family can become the absolute power

 in the land and everyone shares in the royal wealth. The chosen monarch leaves their Duchy to take up residence in the royal palace at the nation's capitol of Corybyar. He parts the strings of connection with 

his Ducal armies, an important fact enforced in ceremony and oaths to the gods. This stems from early years where Arch Dukes attempted to rule the land by combining their previous armies with the standing royal

 force. Under each Duke are a number of titled nobility such as Barons, Marquis, Counts, Siege Lords, and landless knights. Those claiming knighthood usually only have largely symbolic and hereditary titles 

handed down from father to son. This is not always the case and a few landed knights still exist in the Ghorfarian noble roles. Landed nobility are required to maintain troops, appoint magistrates, and tend to 

their lands for the kingdom. The nobility also leverage for positions of power within the economic framework of Ghorfar. This ambition and competition couples with intrigue to gain power, resulting in fierce, 

even deadly contests of will. Each of the cities and large walled towns in Ghorfar has semi-autonomous mercantile councils rule to run them. Each Guild has a representative on the council and the council then 

appoints a city mayor. These mayors answer directly to the crown, bypassing other noble authorities and provide an outlet to the crown around the other nobles. Gladiatorial games are very popular and all cities

 have arenas of one size or another. A majority of the games are non-lethal but the heart of the games is the fighting between the gladiators. The gladiators are drawn from the ranks of condemned men, usually 

prisoners taken in war, escaped slaves, and other such possibilities, but in their number are a few who come to compete by choice or predilection. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities Borsala, 

Skirin, Megalon, Lady of the Silver Moon, Fahde, and Justinorn dominating. Technology is known but seen more the provenance of ancient times than the current. Magik is the true power and it overshadows all 

others, keeping spiritualism and psychic power in its shadow. Prejudices & Fears: Deodanths were at one time quite a scourge in certain areas of Ghorfar. After a period of bloody warfare and a treaty 800 years 

ago, Deodanths have all but faded away from the minds of Ghorfarians. Still, lone travelers and small parties occasionally disappear, and the ‘Black Demons That Walk Like Men' are the dread bogeyman to all 

Ghorfarians to this day. Ghorfarians feel they are the true heirs to the legacy of the Dreaming Isles and fight with Chund over this fact. Ghorfarians believe they are the best in the magikal arts and take 

affront when others do not agree with this belief.