Hyrkhalla 

Background: Hyrkhalla is a bloody, vibrant nation with a checkered history of broken promises and aggression, well known for their savagery in battle and ruthless, blunt diplomacy. Heir to a bloody and violent 

history, Hyrkhalla sits north of Viruelandia and contests with the great nation as well as all of its neighbors. The fighting is almost good-natured on by the Hyrkhallians, and they bear no grudges if they 

loose, which happens more often due to internal strife than anything else. More than once Zirhaine, Viruelandia or Höhenaré has felt the savaging of Hyrkhallian teeth, only to find them leaving the field to 

deal with some internal strife not too long after. Dress & Decoration: Hyrkhallian garb is rustic and simple when compared to more flowery dressing of Morvaen or Viruelandia, and the Hyrkhalla tend to be snide 

in this lack of appreciation for different nations' garb. Standard garments for Hyrkhalla is sturdy trousers with an open tunic fastened by a belt, often studded with metal or stones to show wealth or status. 

Hyrkhallians in general are not inclined towards non-military accouterments but do still seem to enjoy small, unembellished ornaments of ivory, bone, and like materials, especially fillets and holders for their

 hair, which they wear in long braids. Outlook: The intrigue and scandal often found in other courts is regularly seen lacking in Hyrkhalla. They are direct to the point of bluntness and often coarse in speech 

and manner. They are aggressive to one another and to outsiders, and their system of law is as equally aggressive and final as their culture. Strength and power matters more than truth or justice, and all too 

often those with either of the two can get away with murder, rape, theft, and other criminal activities. Disrespect, however, is one arena where all are seen equal, especially when it concerns women. While men 

are often openly contemptuous towards one another as a display of bravado or companionship, this does not apply to women, even women warriors. Here is where no Hyrkhallian will brook disrespect towards a woman.

 If she bears arms, she is expected to seek her own justice. If she does not, then those who do and witness the act will do it for her. Aside from this archaism, women of the land are considered same as men in 

all ways – fighting equally, living equally and having the same rights to nobility and the continuation of their line. Society: Hyrkhalla is sometimes called Wolf's Land, primarily due it's soldiers who wear 

the full pelt of wolf: head, tail and all, and wear the teeth, claws, eyes as accouterments. Their savagery in battle is matched only by their fierceness of culture. Hyrkhallians dwell under a loose form of 

monarchy with a king that switches every few years due to the many bloody skirmishes that break out over the wolfshead crown. Monarchs are usually drawn from the domains among what Hyrkhallians consider nobles,

 though this is not always the case. Attaining nobility in Hyrkhalla tends to lean towards slaying whoever is in charge of the area you want to claim and declaring yourself in charge instead. Equally occurring 

is the usurpation of lands through the strength of arms or dominance of politics. The Hyrkhalla practice Lgarytiet, where one noble with enough power can subjugate another and form a bond of servitude. Those 

bound to service under the Lygarytiet are considered one with their Srlminyor (lord) as far as an accounting of lands, warriors or goods. Such bonds are only broken by death or the passage of ten generations. 

Hyrkhalla has no strong social divide outside of the gulf between those free and those who dwell in slavery. Their society breaks approximately along three lines: the nobility (including the King and his 

immediate family), the commoners (freemen, merchants and small landholders), and the enslaved. Nobility are the primary landholders and tend to possess the most sizeable expanses of land. They are directly 

responsible to the current king (under Lygarytiet any noble beholden to another is considered one and the same as the Srlminyor in the relationship of the two) and collect taxes, muster troops and upkeep the 

land. The king maintains a large central army and no noble can exceed or match the size of its garrison (though some come close). Nobility are given great leeway (mainly because most kings find it is next to 

impossible to control them) in their affairs. A few things are considered sacrosanct and within the authority of the king alone. These are the right to declare peace between nobles, but this is only done during

 a state of war with another nation. The right to demand troops and while nobles can delay in providing troops they cannot refuse in providing them without invoking the enmity of all other nobles in the land 

and paving the path for the king to declare them a hndyn-conryl, or diseased wolf. Lastly, the king has the right to demand a noble provide a show of force. When a Hyrkhallian King demands a show of force, he 

is checking a noble's loyalty. The king sends an amount of his own troops to garrison the noble's lands and protect them from any harm while the self same noble musters his own soldiers and appears on the 

Succubi Plains (if in the north) or the Silver Boar Plains (in the south). This tactic has been used several times in Hyrkhalla's past to end more than one presumptuous noble's life. Religion & Power: 

Religiously open with TylRhaen (state religion), Megalon, Machichrondahr, Bhar-Kanis, Fenris, Loki, Odin (Temple of Iron), and Amarydion dominating. Technology, Magik, psychic power and spiritualism are looked 

upon favorably and used when its advantage is clear, especially in battle. Prejudices & Fears: Wolflings are rare in Hyrkhalla but considered children of the gods, and treated with a near semi-divine reverence.

 This depth of feeling is a sword that cuts both ways though. Hyrkhallians expect from a Wolfling all those traits they imagine and venerate: almost divine ability in battle, courage and daring. A Wolfling can 

find a golden path in Hyrkhalla, the Wolf Land, but will find almost all Hyrkhallians testing them at every opportunity until their prowess is widely proven. Totally Opposite of the Wolflings is Deodanth: who 

is hated, reviled, and bitterly attacked on first sight. The Black Demons that Walk on Two Legs are universally despised and given no mercy by any lest they be given the same punishment levied upon the Black 

Demons. Deodanth are shriven, quartered, burned, and the ashes of their remains thrown into the rivers.