Höhenaré 

Background: Sickened by the depredations of the great wars wrestling across the land especially in the south around Arduin entire families of Elves uprooted from ancestral lands and moved northward. Some left 

by choice and others with the specter of death and murder chasing behind them eager to dine on their bones. South of the Shangulurians and west of the Tremble Heart Mountains in the deep forests others looked 

upon with fear, a home was made. Höhenaré grew into nation over time, the differing Elves finding comfort in the company of one another, and soon formed a new nation under a new king. Not without challenge, of 

course, as not all looked eagerly upon another Elven nation, or mistakenly thought the Elves may have taken the secret of the Nexus Gates with them to their new home. Eventually, the wars ground to a halt and 

when the Arduin Accords where signed, Höhenaré was among the first to agree, for many within her forested realm once called Arduin home. Times were good then as the world sought surcease from battle and the 

flags of war adorned halls instead of the fields of battle. Höhenaré felt the touch of peace for the first in a long time and they have fought to maintain it since. Dress & Decoration: Functionality is the 

central idea behind most forms of Höhenaré dress. Riders typically wear soft hide trousers, which lace in the front and commonly accompanied by a belt that is hung with pouches. The Höhenaré linen shirts lace 

at the neck and are close fitting. Boots are worn to give added traction and softness to the step while keeping the feet relatively cool. Many Höhenaré wear light cloaks or caps pinned at the neck, shoulder, or

 both. For times of ceremony, Höhenaré will don a long robe, elaborately worked with thread into patterns of life and made of the finest material available. Höhenaré revel in the use of color to compliment and 

enhance their forms. They enjoy the entire range of color and apply such hues to everything they make or use. Equally fond in Höhenaré culture is the arrangement of hair and its decoration for the same purpose.

 Outlook: Höhenaré guard their cities and their land as carefully as they guard their children and see them with almost an equal paternal light. Frequently, a Höhenaré will declare his city with equal pride as 

his nation, counting it in part of his lineage. Höhenaré are proud and happy but not in an overly frivolous way. They delight in the land, enjoying its bounty, and horses, which they hold quite dearly. Long 

lived, they have patient view, but if angered will the grudge for a millennium. As a nation of mostly Elven composition, they are a rarity in a world of more populous races and are extremely unremorseful in 

what it takes to ensure their sovereignty stays intact. They learned well this need in the Nexus Wars, and many of the Elves that seeded Höhenaré had roots in that fair Elven country. Watching their homeland 

bleed Elven blood and die under the hands of invaders has emphasized the need for control and deterrence on a scale none dare threaten. This need has Höhenaré Elves leaving their home every year, seeking the 

world for the lost Elven treasures, hoping that in the relics lost in the past wars there lays the hope to ensure Elven survival through the threat of overwhelming retaliation. This drive has a nation soul and 

totally consumes many Elves. Society: Höhenaré is greatly isolationistic, though events have pulled it from this state many times. Quarrelsome neighbors such as Hyrkhalla, Morvaen, and even Kyr push and jibe to

 expand their borders, thrust to do so by the internal and external pressures of their individual nations. While all these nations and others have invaded, none have pierced the verdure fastness of the Silver 

Shang that keeps Höhenaré strong. The Silver Shang Forest is the redoubt and strength of Höhenaré, and almost all the cities of the land lie within its canopied stretch. Their cities are considered quite 

beautiful (or despised, depending on your outlook) and are engineering marvels blending a mix of wood and stone into fantastic creations. Höhenaré build with the pulse of the world, taking advantage of what 

Khaas has provided and rarely alter the course of the land or the forest to suit their own needs. They build cautiously, taking time to sculpt wondrous creations, enhancing architecture with their skill to give

 a sense of openness, solidity, and beauty in everything. Religion & Power: Höhenaré is religiously closed with the religions of Eru, Pegonus, and Piadahr the strongest. Magik is considered the true power, 

especially rune magik while technology and psychic power are considered lesser. Spiritualism has a low level influence on all things and is well accepted, if little spoken with foreigners. Prejudices & Fears: 

They fear the loss of their homeland and feel powerfully all things Elven should be in Elven hands and no others.