Isles Of Fire 

Background: The Isles of Fire is a small nation growing into something beyond a few squabbling settlements on the slopes of the mountains. Dress & Decoration: Islander garb is simple and practical, revolving 

around what is useful to the time of season and the activity involved. Outlook: The isles have seen many cultures come and go, swallowed in eruptions of the volcanoes that thrust from the land like kings. The 

current dominant culture is formed of Khai Zirin. While at first it was difficult to survive, the Khai Zirin took the challenge of living on the volcanic isles with a zest unmatched by any previous residents, 

adapting well to the cold climate and frequent eruptions. Society: The Isles of Fire have only recently struggled back to any form of recognition as a nation. Their existence so far north and the belief that 

the eruption of Broken Top annihilated the islands left them forgotten to the memory of others. Cirthian League merchant captains, sailing the old routes, discovered the destruction was an error, and reopened 

the old routes to these islands once more. Matriarchic rule powers the land, and the different settlements and towns rule individually. Females are the only ones typically seen outside of communities, and 

overall are a martial group, oriented towards battle and survival as their prime focus in life. In all other ways, the culture is very similar to a typical Khai Zirin society. The few other groups of struggling

 races are organized along who ever is the strongest and can provide for the others. Most of them are ragtag groups with semi-permanent homes or crude dwellings in wall enclosures. Religion & Power: Religiously

 open with the gods Cat-Of-Fire and Borsala prominent. Magik and technology is accepted and used. Prejudices & Fears: Islanders do not tolerate filth or bad manners, responding quickly to such events with great

 energy. The islanders are strongly superstitious, fearful of spirits and spiritual activity.