Ithalos 

Background: Ithalos is an old country with a distinguished history, known for its political and diplomatic acumen in all situations. Ithalos has a proud history of people who have left their mark on the broad 

scope of history. Its current cycle of history is one of isolationism. Dress & Decoration: Ithalosians wear warm, woolen cloaks over sleeveless tunics, shirts, and trousers bloused over or into boots or even 

breeches in the warmer months of the year. Color is worn to best reflect an individual's appearance and to suit the time of the year. Women use combs in their hair. Outlook: Ithalosians enjoy knowledge and 

mystery, and typically are quite secretive about themselves while inquisitive of others. The art of spying and investigation is a high form here, and the fight to preserve privacy while piercing another's is 

something the Ithalosians do daily without thought. While typically diplomatic and subtle about it, from time to time pride is bent and honor besmirched; the source of most of the battles and duels in the land.

 Discussion of philosophy and the debate of existence is an exercise all Ithalosians often partake. It fits into the general belief in their superiority to all others in the matters of art, diplomacy, and 

intellect. They are consummate diplomats and have mastered the subtle pressures to a prime art. Sadly, this tends to only apply to foreigners, and Ithalosians are as ill tempered to each other as people are in 

other lands, the prized Ithalosian subtlety failing when dealing with one another. In contrast to their civilized and suave manner, Ithalosians delight in the barbaric displays of the arena. Beyond games of 

sport, races, and like displays, are the criminal gladiators, sentenced to fight in the arena as a punishment for most serious crimes. Perhaps most telling of Ithalosian growing fanaticism about the games is 

the many crimes ordinarily sentenced with death or long imprisonment are converting to sentences to fight in the arena. While this has a growing following in Ithalos, the arena games are by no means their only 

outlet for fun or recreation. Wrestling, or Ithalosian Coichit, is a particularly well-held pastime and wrestlers are quite accomplished. Society: The Ithalosian monarchy is based on a royal family whose 

bloodline is unbroken from the beginning of Ithalosian history. The royal family actively practices polygamy where it is otherwise illegal to do so under their laws. This has kept the royal family with frequent

 sons and daughters and ensured the royal line continues. Those who marry into the royal family are heavily scrutinized prior to admission and must be established nobility, i.e. landed families whose unbroken 

bloodlines stretch back at least 2250 years. All Ithalosian nobility is landed, and no new noble houses have been established in many years. The last house founded in Ithalos is still considered new, even 

though their founding was 5000 years ago! Nobles handle a majority of low-level administration in the government, and the problems they cannot handle are elevated to the royal courts. They are also required to 

raise armies, taxes, and defend the land granted to them by the throne. All power stems from the throne or the crown and strict adherence to this fact is expected. Nobles swear to the throne or the crown (they 

are synonymous) instead of a monarch to demonstrate the perpetuity of the ruling line and not an individual king or queen. The expectation of younger nobles to serve the crown militarily is common, and many do 

so, earning distinguished positions and awards. This is the accepted path for young knights and noble sons, especially coals and stones of royal families. Coals are those noble sons that are extra to the 

perpetuity of the line but needed just in case. Stones are the bastards, by blows, or are just so far removed that they are near equivalent to the first two. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the gods 

Diora, Megalon, Machichrondahr, Amarydion, Galidos, Jaiquell prominent. Magik is accepted but psychic power is used widely in Ithalos. Spiritualism and technology are known but little used or regarded, seen as 

inferior to mental power and magik. Prejudices & Fears: Ithalosians also do not tolerate filth, bad manners or shoddy workmanship, or anything else beneath their station. Streets and buildings in Ithalos are 

orderly and clean, the almost reflexive disdain for poor, dilapidated conditions and shoddiness ensuring it. Those who do not cling to this thinking are considered worthy of nothing but their uttermost 

contempt. Ithalosian arrogance is legendary and they are wont to turn a nose at what they consider squalor among other people.