Khandruzia 

Background: The mist wrapped lands of Khandruzia are an overlooked land. Few seem to recall it sits on the edge of the Hidden Sea, wrapped in the garment of creeping fogs that crawl out of the mysterious Fog 

Door and off the Hidden Sea. Those who give thought to Khandruzia call it a haunted land, stilled with an unnatural silence whose roots seem to dig to the very core of Khaas. As an afterthought, it might be 

added that Khandruzia is the White Land, or the Land of the Dead. Perhaps for the chalky earth, unnerving silence or just for the streaming, oddly moving mists that twirl off the Hidden Sea. Yet, for all its 

mysteriousness, Khandruzia is a land of beauty: stark but compelling if somewhat strange. Dress & Decoration: Clothing in Khandruzian is eminently practical though they enjoy the display of colors and will 

often combine hues to make some startling contrasts. A form of the nettle grows in Khandruzia, known locally as the psuro, and its fibers are split into strands most know as Khandruzian Silk. Such silk creates 

garments that have an iridescent sheen, especially when they are exposed to sunlight. The garments they create are warm when cold and cool when hot, something extremely important to Khandruzians due to their 

inclement weather. They also make excellent waterproof parkas and coats from this stuff and wear both often. Outlook: Regardless of where they dwell, Khandruzians are xenophobic and little trusting by habit, 

predilection, and survival. The land they dwell in is hostile, though not malevolent, but the eternal war with the land to survive, eke out of life, and struggle beyond such basics has scarred all Khandruzians.

 What little modern song and literature that exists dwells heavily on the angst of life, its burden, and the numbness of the Khandruzian soul. Khandruzians sometimes say they bear the burden of the melancholy 

of life, which considering their generally gloomy exteriors may not be far from the truth. Society: Khandruzian government is less a cohesive rule than a loose allegiance of cities that rule autonomously. Power

 is solely what they can forge and whosoever rules does so via the influence they can project. Khandruzian past is filled with greatness, where once their cities where a mighty nation that brought fear into the

 hearts of others. Deep in the heart of every Khandruzian lies the hope the greatness of the past will rise again. This call to redefine a new glory similar to the old frequently defines the individual leaders 

that now rule and even the powerful blocks of guilds like those that bicker and war in the coastal city of Ymyra. Religion & Power: Khandruzians are open to any power, whatever it may be and reject nothing. 

They have no defined religious majority and tend to favor and honor all gods, seeking to offend none. Prejudices & Fears: Khandruzians mate only shortly, long enough to bear children, which one parent or 

another takes and then both part ways. When the children are close to majority, the parent leaves them on their own, often quite abruptly. While the timing of this parting varies, it is inevitable, accepted, 

and considered normal in Khandruzia.