Khorsar 

Background: Khorsar is a homogenous land, with deep Dwarven holds in the Grey Mountains, wide ranging tribes on the plains that spread from the base of the Heaven Wall Mountains along, and high, walled cities 

in the fertile fields and banks of the rivers that nurture its land. The land is vibrant and strong, rich in history, national pride, and filled with fierce people unyielding to any hand but their own on the 

path to fulfill their grand destiny. Dress & Decoration: The Khorsarian overcoat is a leather garment used universally by Khorsarians in all walks of life. The overcoat is durable and has a padded lining that 

keeps you warm in the cold and allows ventilation in the hot. The common fare of adventurers and explorers, the overcoat is a widely exported icon of Khorsarian culture. Outlook: Khorsarians are known for their

 pride and energy, but just as equally for their intemperance and reckless natures. Khorsarians abhor all technology and feel uneasy using even something as complex as a crossbow. The Great Inundation left a 

powerful fear and anger towards all things technological, regardless if most could not determine the difference between magik and technology. It is very common mistake made, and one that could easily incite a 

mob, ready to tear the offender from limb to limb. Gray Mountain Dwarves are perhaps the only exception to this view, a sort of lopsidedness to the Khorsarian mindset. As they returned to the country and fought

 Morvaenian annexation, they are given some leeway by the general populace and allowed more tolerance. Society: In Khorsar's past, the land's rulers, not listening to signs and portents, cracked open the 

bindings of strange arcane technology taught by learned masters that came from far away via the Nexus Gates in Arduin. The magik of this crafting of metals, minerals, and essences burned through the land like 

fire on dry grassland. So enamored with this technology were the Khorsar that they turned away from the temples and thanes of the gods. Angered, the gods opened the firmament, sending streamers of water 

pounding on the heart of the land like hammers. In a day, from the Tourmaline Mountains to the Soul Moon Mountains, all was covered under water. The Great Inundation did not stop for a year, though it slackened

 greatly after the first day. The heart of the great kingdom was swallowed in water; her people swept away and with them the teachers and the arcane technology. The rivers crawled like worms across the land, 

shifting in their banks, some at times even running backwards as the wrath from above pounded the land low. When the rains ceased the land lay raw and exposed, covered with a grey sheet of water from the Grey 

Mountains to the Heaven Wall Mountains near the ancient Oakendark Forest. The kingdom lay in ruins, its people scattered to the winds and its civilization wrecked and ripe for the picking by the vultures of its

 enemies that lay in wait. In the 75 years passing as the waters receded, many Khorsar fled, feeling their homeland cursed. That true to Khorsar, even against what they thought was the god's will, stayed and 

fought against Morvaen, weathered the whispers of alliance by Arduin to the Grey Mountains and many others. Hope sprung from the knowledge of a living heir to the royal line, who was rallying people to him in 

the country of Ithalos. Under his lead, the fierce horse riders of Khorsar and her people returned, amazed so much survived and mourning that which was destroyed. While the land lived anew with grass and 

flower, and the trees surviving the deluge raised palsied leaves to the sky, the Tyranchor Mountains were ringed with waters and the cities and settlements on the plain and heath were cast down in ruins. 

Rebuilding was harsh, but the king returned to his throne, assuming the ancestral powers given to the kings. There was much battle particularly with Morvaen. Only after 30 years of fighting were the Morvaenians

 pushed back to the Orichalcum Mountains. Only time, rebuilding, and war could return Khorsar to its prior heritage and her people took to this challenge with a will. Almost one hundred years would pass before 

Khorsar would feel her glory shine once more. Religion & Power: Khorsarians revere Pegonus, Megalon, Eru, Piadahr, and the Lady of the Silver Moon. They accept magik, spiritualism and psychic powers but abhor 

technology. The Khorsar have not forgotten, however, why the calamity was wrought, and are unceasingly vigilant in destroying technology. Prejudices & Fears: Khorsarians are an open people but have evolved a 

fierce protectiveness of territory, especially in light of history in their land. They have sworn to never fail again and love no instruction not their own.