Khorkhroé 

Background: Khorkhroé is an almost purely Dwarven-Gnome nation organized under a loose confederacy of clans. The two dour and taciturn races suit each other well and have formed a strong relationship. The 

majority of the kingdom lies under the Shattered Moon Mountains, and the entrances to these subterranean realms are sheltered in deep and heavily fortified caves fashioned into design similar to the mouths of 

great beasts, though some other motifs dominate as well. Two cities lay above ground and both extremely fortified against attack. These are more occupied by Gnomes than Dwarves though each is represented well 

both above and belowground. The two cities are the seats of trade for the nation, though the capital and perhaps the most important city, Krökken, lies below, hidden to all foreign eyes but a few diplomats and 

visitors. Beyond the two open sky cities open for trade, the rest of the nation is considered closed to all foreigners upon the penalty of enslavement or death, and not a pleasant one either. Dress & 

Decoration: Khorkhroé favor long beards and mustaches, valuing their beards highly. Clothing tends to be simple and functional, using earth tones, and their cloth is considered rough by many other races. 

Khorkhroé will wear 1 or more pieces of jewelry, though these items are usually not of any great value or very ostentatious. Outlook: The Khorkhroé claim what is theirs and defend it without regard to any form 

of rightness or wrongness. A Khorkhroé whose mind is made over a subject is unmovable. Society: The Khorkhroé are very full of their selfimportance. This bleeds over heavily into their interclan politics, which

 are rife with conflict. The rotating selection of a clan to lead the nation for two cycles is the most frequently wrangled over issue among them though trade and legal issues arise as the next to savage 

categories. While typically bloodless, more than one death by dueling or plain overriding anger over slights or believed wrongs has occurred. The savage political infighting is unseen by all but a few foreign 

diplomats and the Khorkhroé are happy to keep it that way. They guard their privacy with the same vigor they guard their lands, laws, and goods. Religion & Power: Khorkhroé is a religiously closed land that 

reveres Heldoré, Borsala, and Falhaine in order of strength. They have a deep love of technology rivaled only by magik, especially rune magik. Spiritualism is known and tolerated but more a nuisance than 

anything else. Psychic power is known and understood but invokes unease. Prejudices & Fears: The Khorkhroé have always lived in the Broken Moon Mountains and this gives them strength against any situation, no 

matter how dire.