Kovolla 

Background: Kovolla is a barbaric society formed in the bonding of people invading from Chund and the wild tribes fighting this invasion of their land. Dress & Decoration: Men wear simple loincloths when doing 

heavy manual labor or loose trousers and shirts. Women wear the same attire, though village or town women typically cling to Chundian influenced garb. Headbands adorn brows and button, ties, lacing and pins 

attire clothing more to decorate than to hold close or fasten down garments. Kovollians favor bright colors, and dyed silks. Outlook: The Kovolla are as varied as the seasons, viewing events in superlatives, 

moved by surges of passion. Nothing is felt or done in moderation. Every battle is the deadliest, every act the epitome of possibility, and so forth. The joyful aspect of this approach to life is evident in the

 many festivals and celebrations they hold each year. The stark side of this attitude is felt in their inner turmoil, high suicide rate and violence outbursts. A famous Chundian philosopher once liken the 

Kovolla as akin to a storm – like those found often on the Stormy Sea. He said, ‘their blood moves hot, a spicy heritage born out of the mixture of boiling, barbaric blood and searing Chundian lines. The 

Kovolla hate us and despise Chund for what they feel is a dominator's hand around their throats. Yet, if the truth is told, we Chundians created them, these little storms that rage on the land, who are so much 

like the sudden storms that spin into being so seeming instantly like they do on the Stormy Sea, born in the conflagration of wind, water, and the gods…” Running is a common pastime and a race between 

Kovollians is a frequent scene. It's indicative of the level of activity seen in all Kovollians, and they seem to burst into frenzied energy without much warning to foreigners. Other Kovollians understand the 

need for the burning off of energy so as to not to explode and rage like mindless beasts. Such acts are accepted and Kovollians may burst into song, dance, frenziedly gyrate or just out and out run as if all 

life stood in the balance, then, just as instantly as they started return to back where they started as if nothing occurred. Society: Among the Kovolla, the Sthíngi is king. He is supported or hindered by a 

number of princes responsible for their ancestral territories, a compromise born out of necessity to bond the wandering tribes into one people with a single face toward the enemy – an enemy whose name is Chund.

 To meld his people into one capable of defeating the Chund, Sraerig the first, the great Sthíngi of history, ensured all tribes had a voice by granting princely status to their leaders and establishing the 

boundaries of the ancestral lands. These lands were given separate from open land, which was given over to the Sthíngi but available for all Kovollians to use. Thus, the clans could have ancestral land of their

 own, which no other clan could transgress without permission while retaining sufficient lands for grazing, agriculture, and growth in the open lands. Lesser nobles receive their power and land grants from the 

princes they serve, but this is generally a confirmation of traditional land ownership and authority more than the confirmation of titles. Those blessed with the blood of Sraerig receive their authority direct 

from the king, and are the most loyal and influential of the aristocracy in the country. Even though the central government of the land is established in Kovolla, the real business of the wild realm is 

conducted on a local basis under the watchful eyes of a network of minor nobles and land-holding aristocrats Religion & Power: Spiritualism is the prime religion among Kovollians. However, the gods Skirin, 

Justinorn, Khrom, and Malkuss have a following as well. Magik, technology and psychic powers are seen as extensions of spiritual mysticism. Prejudices & Fears: The Kovolla continue to practice headhunting as a 

cultural institution, evolving from ancient days of inter-tribal warfare among the wild, powerful Merü. Young warriors of the tribes commonly proved their worth by severing the heads of enemies as a rite of 

passage to manhood, rivaled only by the rites of death, where a chosen relative releases an older relative in the fullness of his life before old age takes its toll. Despite the fact the custom persists and 

causes trouble in times of peace, youths aspiring to win the head hunter feathers like their fathers, sometimes attack strangers without apparent cause, and in times of peace. Among the Kovollians, the wild 

Merü, or any other tribe, fair retribution is simply exacted by taking a head in return. The Dhorsai do as they have always done, exact vengeance in ten times the deed, to teach any who would be their enemies 

the meaning of remorse and fear.