Kozangi Dales 

Background: Many often see the Kozangi Dales as a brooding land with a mysterious and somewhat sinister air. In truth, this is not assisted by the inscrutable miens of the inhabitants, who when out of their 

country are often closed and forbidding to the curious. In their own land, they are quite different to both strangers and friends alike, open in greetings of ‘Falhaine!' and the traditional wide spread gesture 

of arms that is the sign of peace and friendship in the dales. Dress & Decoration: Kozangi Dale's folk wear headscarves frequently and have an art out of wrapping them well and fashionably. Women will wear the 

traditional double dress with flaring angel's wings sleeves when not infected with foreign styles or the more abbreviate short garbs for the privacy of their homes or gardens. Men traditionally wear a form of 

straight leg pant with tunic, usually cotton, or linen. Outlook: Reverence for Falhaine is given daily and all the land comes to a quiet reverent peace during this time. Those trespassing on this hour are often

 slain outright with no quarter. Falhaine, the word of their faith, is used openly though never in cursing or oaths unless greatly moved or unless deadly serious. Society: The Kozangi Dales is an ordered, 

sensual land, caught up in religious fervor and ancient traditions. Dales' folk are full of contradictions, a swirling paradox of countering contradictory rituals and traditions. They are strong in their 

sentiments towards cowardice, accepting death in order to avoid its taint on life and family. In full opposition is the allowance for self-destruction: the path of protesting a great misfortune or a way to 

redeem honor or status. Polygamy is common, a badge of wealth and status. Male or female may partake of this custom, though prestige is still marked through the male line. The myriad Kozangi Dale habitual 

requirements for bathing, the cleaning, and rituals around that may freely touch their clothing without contamination are legion. Those of the realm have a strong belief in the old tales, sometimes viewing the 

world they dwell in as a dream, which must be lived through until a return to paradise. This view built out of the land's slow merging with the continent of Khaora across periods of time when it was present 

here and present in their previous land. The final convulse of the decaying nexus thrust them utterly into Khaas, an event they remember with fear and trepidation. To them, paradise is the land of the 

forefathers, the lost land – beyond reach in this world but not in the next. The dead are seen with a mixture of reverence and fear and only those consigned to death (typically any with fatal diseases) may 

touch the dead freely; afflicted of its taint already. There are exceptions to this, such as on the battlefield and in ceremony. Bodies are burned on high towers to release their spirits from the grip of the 

earth after a period to allow the carrion crows to pick at their flesh and release that might be evil bound within their corpse. Religion & Power: The Kozangi Dales are closed religiously and follow Falhaine. 

Other deities are not revered though they may be acknowledged, like the vast ranks of spirits are recognized and honored, though not worshipped. Technology is little known and regarded with neutrality. Magik 

holds a respected place but fills people with unease if displayed openly or ostentatiously. Psychic powers are respected and seen as an outlet of faith. Prejudices & Fears: The Kozangi Dales folk have a 

powerful collection of beliefs around crows, ravens, and rooks. These creatures flock in great numbers to the dales and are provided with a certain reverence since they are seen as part of the transition for 

the dead. By law, none can slay one of these creatures unless the cause is clear and public before witnesses. The penalty is slow disembowelment followed by the staking out for the selfsame birds to devour 

alive.