Kyr 

Background: Kyr is a rich society of horse clans who gave up the traditional nomadic life on the grassy plains for a more settled life. The Kyrian kingdom is a collection of these clans who, by consensus, 

accept the rule of a titular king. One clan or another tends to dominate the situation, as the monarchy is handed to the most able, well thought of, and desiring among the clans. Dress & Decoration: Kyrians 

wear clothes made of leather and wool, warm coats, and furs as their cloaks. Women mirror men if they are a martial bent or wear different dresses and skirts, which are usually made of leather. Decorations are 

sought in jewels and bands of beaten metal and leather. Outlook: Kyrians, by and large, are hardworking, patient, polite, honest, and very friendly. Somewhat civilized, the Kyr are still wild and free at heart,

 spending a lot of time in battle, ranging the grasslands, fighting in the mountains or the desert. The Kyr have a strong urge towards primacy that stirs in every one of them, male or female. Every Kyrian 

thinks that his or her own family, clan, or city is better than any other. This leads to competition and rivalry, frequently culminating in duels of spears, bloodshed, and sometimes inter-clan warfare. This 

competition is even seen in dress, and particularly amongst the warriors and hunters, centering in war trophies or badges of ability, as they try to earn and thus wear more and more elaborate and bravery tokens

 to demonstrate their prowess and courage. Men and women contend almost on equal footing in Kyr, and many warrior women and huntresses are found in the ranks of the Kyrian horse clans. Society: Kyrians have 

truly phenomenal memories due to their predilection for not writing anything down (their language has no written form). Every Kyrian learns the role of his or her ancestors, something they hold in great 

reverence. The worship of the forefathers is powerful in the land, and even those Kyrians who cleave to the gods have a deepseated belief in the power of their ancestors to sway the future and influence the 

present. Physically they often seen as quite attractive by foreigners, dark skinned, with deep, down-sloping eyes, and a usually convivial air. They are not well known for pleasant body aromas, however, since 

bathing does not hold high esteem among them. Kyrians are lucky to bath once a month and are wont to use a fermented concoction made of horse urine, fermented grass beads, barley wine, and other unpalatable 

stuff as a cleanser that many find offensive to the nose. They are accomplished singers and dancers. The traditional songs of the Kyrian riders are a rich content including lyrics, epics and folk songs. Many of

 the poems, legends, proverbs and fables have been handed down among the Kyr for centuries and form the basis for their teaching. Religion & Power: Kyr is religiously open with the deities of Pegonus, Malkuss, 

Amarydion, and shamanistic ancestor-worshiper as the primary religions. Technology is little known and ill regarded. Magik holds a respected place but fills people with unease. Psychic powers are either mixed 

with magik or feared as bizarre manifestations. Prejudices & Fears: Slavery is held with great contempt among the Kyr, both for those who take slaves and for those who are or become slaves. So strong is their 

antipathy that should they become slaves, a Kyrian must cleanse himself by taking the Curse of Seven, climbing Ikün Mountain, or survive the Blessing of Pegonus. The Curse of Seven is undertaking to slay those 

who seek to enslave others until a number equal to seven times seven the number of days enslaved is achieved. Those under this terrible oath write its curse on their chest and forehead. The Ikün Mountain path 

is usually taken by those with a more religious, arcane, or musical bent. The mountain manifests rapidly changing localized nexuses, usually of the entropic or one-way sort, and typically without indicating 

their presence. Worse, a side effect of some of the nexus has inverted time in localized regions, sending it spinning forward, backward, or in multifold directions within its sphere. Those who take the Blessing

 of Pegonus seek out the great herds of crown horses (named for the crown like marking on their chests) and must survive a charge of such a herd while plunking a hair from the crown stamp of a horse as it 

passes.