Maelshyra 

Background: To think of Maelshyra is to imagine great merchant families involved in large-scale trade. The Maelshyra are a strongly mercantile island nation heavily embroiled in the local politics, which is 

striving to dominate the local region through subtlety and economic power. Dress & Decoration: Maelshyraen clothing uses mantles and hoods, mainly due to the rainfall and squalls that find the island. Kirtles 

and tunics are common, usually made from anything ranging from coarse fabric to silks. Straight leg pants or loose trousers also are used. Boots are commonplace and laced, just like all their clothing, which 

was predominantly laced with a few items using buttons. Outlook: Maelshyra seeks economic dominance but the vision of the rulers and the people is much localized to the region and a Maelshyraen trader may pass 

by a more lucrative distant venture to build a bond with those closer to home. The kingdom and its merchants seek less the coin or gem and more the influence and power to dictate the region. Society: 

Maelshyraen families long ago drew close to defend against the ravaging predators of their island, and those who came from the sea. This filial integrity has not died over the numerous cycles of cycles, not 

when they sailed the seas and traveled the lands during the 10,000 Years War, and not today. In a way because of this time in their history, a Maelshyraen family consists of anyone who can tie their bloodlines 

together three deep. These same ties, built strong by the depredations of the past are what have built the family units that later evolved into mini-guild units, bound together for economic and worldly 

survival. These units of family organized guilds are what possess the warehouses on the docks in the cities and towns of the isle, and usually own one or more ships that ply the waters in trade or adventure. 

Some of the families are concentrated more on internal trade than external. These merchant guild families are generally smaller, consist chiefly of self-employed shopkeepers, bondsmen, and like trades. They are

 overshadowed by the landed families, which stand as the agricultural backbone of the isle. The smaller landed families are usually concerned with growing such crops as rice for their own support, perhaps 

selling some surplus. Greater landed families on the other hand, possess larger estates and hire workers, usually drawing from the pool of unskilled labor always present or slaves. Besides food crops, this pool

 of labor or slaves is involved in the production of the famous spices of Maelshyra for export. The laboring ranks are those whose members lack property and must therefore seek employment or (in the case of 

independent artisans) rent space from those of higher societal standing. The kingdom of Maelshyra is in theory an absolute monarchy: the king's word is law, his will the necessary authority, and his swords arm 

the executor of its power. In truth, this is not entirely true and the monarch draws heavily on many sources to ensure proper guidance for the kingdom. Subservient to the king are the bureaucracy of royal 

officials who come largely from the king's own family, followed by those in his favor, the military leadership (which comes largely from the landed merchants), and the provincial rulers of the island. 

Provincial rulers are named after the four mighty peaks of the Bitter Guardian Mountains. The peaks are Lurokinkhan, Brokinkhan, Dokkalmanthan, and Xenodichtkhan, and each ruler is know by the respective peak, 

taking the name of the peak in place of his or her own. Each provincial ruler is like the king in miniature for his or her region, having organized beneath him a small bureaucracy, local militia, and the heads 

of the major landowning families of his province. Religion & Power: Maelshyra is religiously closed with Borsala, Falhaine, Skirin, and the Lady of the Silver Moon in order of strength dominating the land. 

Magik is respected and beloved in the land and spiritualism has an honored but mostly ignored role. Technology and psychic power are equally respected but equally ignored due to the cultural preference for 

magik more than anything else. Prejudices & Fears: Maelshyraens look upon all non-islanders as inferior but rarely project this feeling except in non-vocal, dismissive ways. An irrational national fear is that 

of a tsunami which will sweep away all of Maelshyra. They also have a deep seated fear of demons.