Malgoreem 

Background: Malgoreem is a fiercely independent land, home to nomadic tribes with old roots in the Hamz Aleph, as well as Windri tribesmen who call the region home from ancient times. Dress & Decoration: No 

singular mode of dress exists. Malgoreem is as chaotic and polyglot in dress as everything else. Outlook: The most well known attributes of the Malgoreem people are found among the wandering tribesmen and the 

nomadic Windri. The tribesmen have a strong belief in eating the flesh of enemies, especially treasured ones. The other is the veneration for equines, which they carry to extremes, treasuring them even over 

blood and kin. The nomadic Windri are segregated from the civilized Malgoreem due to their open reverence for were-creatures of all kinds, respecting this ability as a gift of the gods instead of some vile 

inflicted curse. Society: The entire nation is one of contrasts – civilized outposts and sprawling demesnes intermingled with nomadic roaming tribesman and subterranean redoubts. What the outsider to Malgoreem 

sees is the rank and file of dukes, lords and princes that unite to form the patchwork government of the land. It is their mobile infantry, with javelineers, and body length, shielded spear-wielding warriors 

that outsiders remember and know beyond its borders, not the flesh eating revered mystics of the wandering tribesmen, or the respect those of were-kind are given among the nomadic Windri. In addition to these 

soldiers, the outsider sees the badges and patchwork of dozens of mercenary groups, as it is rare for a town or stead not to supplement their forces with mercenaries. Religion & Power: Religiously open with 

animism and spiritualism as the over arching prime religion. Technology is next to nonexistent for Malgoreem but they know and respect all other powers even if they utilize them little. Prejudices & Fears: 

Malgoreem, especially the nomadic ones hold an unreasoning fear that the land will open and swallow the world some day in the future. They openly accept were creatures as a gift instead of a cursed and show 

respect to enemies by consuming their flesh.