Marmachand 

Background: Marmachand is an old country whose reputation is the dark, sultry, and devious – feared by nations for its intrigues and magik. Its decadence is legendary, its actions noxious and intrigues legion. 

The reputation of the land, its darkness and fulsome coupling with the Gods of the Black Pantheon, lends much to the country's influence. History speaks of Marmachand like an omnipresent jewel, glittering in 

the dark with malevolent light. It featured in every defining portion of history, mentioned in scraps from the time of the Great Night War; murkily playing a part in the onset of the Interstellar Wars and 

supposedly, the road through which the Time Lords found Khaas and entered the world. During the Wars of Life they were present but more as carrion crows lurking on the edges. Marmachand lay with the One, 

finding avenues to power in its chilling shadow but quick to discard it when it withered and fell. The tales of Marmachand are legion and spoken everywhere evil lurks or night reigns. Marmachand likes to lurk 

behind the scenes, and rarely strikes overtly, seeking to move through others. Dress & Decoration: Clothing is subdued and Marmachandians usually wear coats, tunics, trousers, and skirts. Their clothing is 

usually made of cotton, linen and silk. Styles range from the very simple to exotic and complex. Marmachandians wear shoes, boots and any other footwear suits them. Clothing is a part of the intricate dance 

here and its wear, material, and cut are all portions of the communication ongoing between Marmachandians. Outlook: Marmachand is attributed with all evils in the eyes of those who despise and fear the country.

 More place than any, in the temperament and visage of the nobility is where this is evil most evident. To the noble Marmachandian life truly has no sanctity and is cheap coin spent freely in the many games 

that whirl around them as thickly as the shadows of winged messengers fluttering overhead in the cities. This play consumes them, the only true diversion from the other ghoulish appetites and desires 

commonplace and yet so drearily mundane. Slaves and slavery dominate everywhere, and they are squandered freely; a slave underfoot is killed without a glance to a guard, or forced to dance with heated metal 

shoes for amusement. Marmachandian appetite for slaves is unrivaled by any other nation of Khaora and they use the lives of slaves like water, demanding more to fill the chains, harems, and altars. Society: A 

stranger coming to Marmachand would expect a dark and shrouded land, with temples rising high towards the sky with screaming sacrificial victims whose hearts were torn beating from their chests. There is a land

 like such in Khaora, but it is not Marmachand. At first glance, on the exterior, Marmachand is like any other land in the south of Khaora. Warm, sometimes sweltering with people moving around caught up in the 

affairs of their lives. Yet, the exterior often veils what truly lies inside. Upon moving close, you can begin to see the intricate game of intrigue where each Marmachandian plays a part, where everyone expects

 to be used, from the highest noble to the lowest peasant. Each word uttered is weighed, every phrase spoken to give double, triple or even deeper level of meaning. Seemingly inane conversation is charged with 

spidery levels of innuendo, hinting at unfathomable dimensions of intrigue. The movement of the hands, the incline of the body or turn of the head are all aspects of the hidden level of communication occurring 

between Marmachandians. Everyone knows his or her part in the game. A farmer does not become a successful farmer because he farms well; nor is it the price of his crops or the breadth and richness of his 

harvest that determines his wealth. Altogether, other reasons play into his success. Families are large in Marmachand. Unconcerned parents often see their children disappear or taken; a child gone missing is 

nothing, or a person kidnapped for sacrifice. Victims find no succor in the people around and screaming echoing up and down the road for three nights is nothing of concern or attention as strange. There are no 

hard lines of heaviness, pain, sorrow or even surprise on the faces of passersby as they move around in their daily business and see a person ran down and flogged to death with barbed whips. A violent death at 

the very side of a diner is nothing out of the ordinary. Taverns look normal except for the screams coming from upstairs and the drip, drip, drip of blood from a pool on the ceiling. Priests of the Black 

Pantheon are everywhere and the return of the Elder Gods is a fact; only the time is uncertain. Religion & Power: Marmachand is religiously closed with the Black Pantheon dominating. Technology, psychic power 

and spiritualism are used as tools in the great game all Marmachandians play. Prejudices & Fears: Marmachandians have no regard to the sanctity of life and view the thought of afterlife with even less regard.