Misty Isles 

Background: The Misty Isles' history is full of strife, conflict, and war; all to satiate the well of aggressive energy islanders seem to have to one extent or another. The Mist Isles were once a tangle of 

separate nations until forged into one under the heavy fist of the first true queen. Her line, those of the blood of Deinomache, held sway for a great period, only wavering when the daughters of the final 

Deinomache queen both claimed the Mist Wind Throne. The battles between the two were called the Conflict of Queens and it tore the kingdom apart and led to both of their deaths. This break in the line of blood 

for the nation caused a titanic splintering of its folk whose effects are felt still in the Misty Isles. Thereafter, no single line of blood would ever hold the throne for more than three generations before 

another of the nobility would raise up to cast them down. The Misty Isles has figured prominently in much of history, stormily birthing many nations on the eastern coast, fighting with the Pandooris and 

Quawima, and participating in every major event starting with the Wars of Life and ending with the Nexus Wars. Recently, the Misty Isles overextended in a series of ventures and several cycles ago, and lost 

numerous colonies and the conquered land of Alazahr. In a play by the queen to cut the economic drain of some colonies on the islands, the country of Thund was returned to its people, as well as a few colonies 

in the Orichalcum Ocean. Dress & Decoration: The isles' clothing of choice is a tunic, and a long garment which could be a skirt around the waist, or drawn up to under or over the breast and sometimes held with

 a strap. Generally, the garment is referred to as an isles' wrap, or lislemondé. Some versions are full length with sleeves. Often the fabric is woven with gold thread for design, to indicate rank or nobility.

 Sandals are common though boots are a close and second favorite. While pragmatic in many ways, Misty Isles Amazons delight in accouterments of gold, silver, gemstones and like precious materials. The piercing 

of the ear, especially the left ear is important, as each piercing and decoration is to display an Amazon's fighting prowess in military service. The type of metal and form of the decoration all related whether

 an Amazon was an officer, marine, or corsair, or how they were decorated in the battle. The presence of a stone or a cluster of stones indicated the number of battles participated in and won. Outlook: 

Aggressive and energetic, Misty Islanders are always in conflict with others due to their intense drive. The competition and restless urge to conquest new lands and explore the world has many times caused war 

with other nations. Privateering is a thing of romance and fame within the islands and the Amazons take special delight in attacking Dreaming Isles ships. While strongly Amazonian, the Misty Isles allows for 

near equality of males in the regions it dominates. Men can hold rank, except those of the higher nobility or military; they can own citizenship as a woman can, and train in arms. Society: The isles society is 

egalitarian, though people tend to fall into one of three professions: fishermen, merchants, and sailors. Misty Isles sailors are held in higher esteem than other Amazons, as the island kingdom has a long 

tradition of sea faring and mastery of wind and wave. Misty Isle sailors are highly skilled, and command high prices for those who seek their expertise. The Queen rules the Misty Isles and is assisted by an 

oligarchic council, ranging at any given time from seven to fifteen. The Council draws its membership from known Misty Isles captains, selecting those known to be expert seafarers. Beneath the Council, 

magistrates and minor lords govern on a local level. The isles are by no means peaceful – the sheer energy of her people makes it impossible. The country has had numerous internal wars, such as the Misty 

Mountains War, the Three Banners War or the Conflict of Queens. Almost all of these stemmed from internal power struggles over who would attain the Mist Wind Throne. While proud on a national level, the isles 

are even more so on an island and regional level. Every woman in Misty Isles serves some time in the military, and many make entire careers of it. Noblewomen hold the ranks of officers, while those beneath them

 make up the enlisted ranks. At least two years of intense training and service in Misty Isles' military is demanded by the queen, after which the individual women may leave to pursue trade or continue 

militarily as a soldier. Moving around unarmed is not a tradition the Misty Isles holds, everyone always carries at least a dagger, and many bear the favored cutlass of the isles at their hip. Women who are not

 of the nobility are serfs, peasants, or citizens, although most serfs eventually attain peasant status through military service. From the age of 14 years, a woman who distinguishes herself can attain 

citizenship after four years of military duty, while most women who fall short of distinction can achieve the same status in six or eight years. Full citizenship with the right to vote is always granted after a

 decade of loyal service. Religion & Power: Religiously open with Borsala, Zindibindi, Athena, Artemis and Hekate (Olympic Mysteries) dominating in order of power. Technology and magik are respected and used, 

though unevenly across the islands. Psychic power is known but little seen widespread. Spiritualism is silently accepted, little spoken of but maintaining a diffusion and strong presence among the Amazons. 

Prejudices & Fears: The Islanders don't think they are the most premier people they know it and are not afraid to let the world know it too. The Islanders don't think they are the most premier people they know 

it to their sandals and are not afraid to let the world know it too.