Morvaen 

Background: Morvaen is an old land, inhabited many times by varying peoples over a great span of time. Among the geography of the kingdom is a multitude of ruins and relics commemorating or reminiscent of these

 lost people and kingdoms, which have come and gone. The Morvaen of current times is but a short interlude in the lands long history. Once firmly ruled by an all-powerful Great King, Morvaen has watched the 

erosion of the crown's power over the debilitating Wars of When, until the greater nobility had almost equal power with the king. The Guilds took power away from both, especially in the advent of prosperity 

after the end of the Wars of When. The coming of HIM and the growth of power of its priesthood stole power from all when the priests swayed the people of the land. Dress & Decoration: Clothing in the kingdom 

varies by season but tends toward the heavy and full covering regardless. Trousers are everyday wear accompanied by fitted tunics and hoods or semicircular cloaks pinned at the neck or shoulder. Nobles tend to 

wear an under tunic, an over tunic with a colored silk border, trousers gartered into leather calf high boots, semi-circular cloaks and colored round cloth caps. All Morvaenians, regardless of social status 

have at least one decent set of clothing, which is pulled out for festivals, religious events, and ceremonies of the nobility. Outlook: Morvaenians are proud, filled with great confidence of the power of their 

nation. They are expansionistic and focused on use the advantage their geographic position provides. Society: The nation of Morvaen holds a treasured position central to almost all the other nations on Khaora. 

The country has a four-way power structure: a weak central king who only nominally controls the land, primarily through his army, which is the largest in the land, though several dukes are almost at parity. The

 nobility, mainly the seven strong Dukes and the Barons who owe them fealty are then next portion of the power structure, and hold a great portion of the reins of power, ruling from their own provincial 

capitols. There is some minor strife amongst each other but given an outside source they always band together to attack or repel enemies. The third portion of the four major powers is the religious aspect, the 

religion and congregation of the church of HIM. Over ninety percent of the population in Morvaen follows this divinity devoutly, and the priesthoods sway over the people and control over the technology in the 

country. The priesthood of HIM maintains strict control on technology outside of their direction. The last of the hands on the reigns of power is the commercial Guilds, especially the trader's and gun maker's 

Guilds. Morvaen's central location on the continent has made it an important confluence of trading companies. The king has control of the roads in the land, another factor in maintaining his portion of control.

 The Dukes, Barons and Lords beneath them all operate on a fiefdom system, though a majority of the Barons and Lords owe direct allegiance to their dukes, not to the king. Some do owe allegiance directly to the

 king and are his few allies in the nobles. The nobility holds the majority of assets in the kingdom but field out a quarter of their assets to the priesthood of HIM. The priesthood in turn keeps the people 

happy by using half of the monies to throw festivals, circuses, and to provide food. The Guilds keep a strong influence on other by controlling trade to an extent and threatening boycotts, blockades, or even 

hiring mercenaries to ensure their assets are left alone and grievances are settled. A majority of populace is poor and locked into a serf or tenant status. Those in towns are of commoner status and slightly 

better off than their tenant equivalents in the rural areas. A smaller portion is freeholder, man at arms, craftsman, or merchant and lead relatively decent lives. Religion & Power: Morvaen is religiously 

closed with HIM, Emerald Star Cult and Marbonas the primary deities in order of strength. Few religions openly declare themselves as most (90%) of the country follow the church of HIM. Technology is understood,

 applied and very well regarded, often more so than magik, which is acknowledged and used. Spiritualism is poorly understood, viewed with a sense of dread and fear among all but the most rural or in tune with 

the wild. Prejudices & Fears: While the Faerie are known within their lands Morvaenians fear them even more than they do spirits.