Myrmydios 

Background: This mountainous country has stood for tens of turns of the cycle as the stalwart ally of Arduin, and played a crucial factor towards uniting other nations to accept the idea of the Accords of 

Arduin when they were proposed. Dress & Decoration: Clothing reflects the closed mindset of the land, and is uninspired and rather drab, if practical. Most wear jerkins and tunics, with sturdy boots and the 

always-at-hand rope every Myrmydiosian carries. Hats are infrequent but smocks are common as well as long, padded or thickened cloaks for warmth and sleeping. Outlook: Myrmydiosians are subdued but attack life 

with a verve that takes no consideration for their own welfare or even their health. Society: Myrmydios has little to no flat land, and constitutes the length and breadth of the Myrmydios mountains, except 

where a small leg extends into Arduin and an over half the length of the Silver Shield mountains. The sturdy walled towns of this country exist in the steep, sharply angled valleys, or are in complexes deep 

beneath the surface of the mountains. The land is arduous to travel, and often difficult to live during the winter months, which is probably why it appeals to the many Dwarves, Gnomes, and other races of like 

temperament. Myrmydios consists of a confederation of nine cantonments. There is no central elected leader except in times of conflict or when all cantonments designate one. Each separate cantonment is 

independently governed. The country has as a whole has a very stable population, with little or no seasonal migration. This balance of population is one of the few countrywide laws, and no cantonment will allow

 more occupants than supportable by the region. Society in the cantonments is generally reserved and rather introverted, at least between areas. The flow of trade provides the primary exchange of people and 

ideas, that otherwise may not occur. Internal conflicts within Myrmydios are few, and low level when they occur between the cantonments. Religion & Power: The nation is religiously closed with a powerful 

adherence to Heldoré. Magik is respected, psychic powers are feared, and spiritualism invokes both wonder and fear while technology is considered highly. Prejudices & Fears: Myrmydiosians have a cultural 

suspicion of all foreigners and slow to trust and slower to forgive.