Old Krinnabröeng 

Background: They say that Krianna Wind Oath, the last true king of the kingdom of Krinnabröeng wept tears of pure silver at the news of the birth of twin half-elven sons. Those same sons, once his joy, turned 

to his sorrow and he died of heartbreak watching them tear his kingdom in twain. Kalesh took the North West and Malvia the south east and the once fertile land between became a dead, bloody battlefield, sown 

only with a snarling black briar. While split in hatred neither kingdom have wandered little from their previous roots and are still culturally similar except in small ways as noted below. Viridia, another 

nation once a part of Krinnabröeng split away from Malvia due to the king's treating with the Black Pantheon and Orcish mercenaries. Dress & Decoration: Clothing is simple and almost boring as the island nation

 sees good weather nearly all year around. Sandals are common though boots are used in the mountains and in battle. A good cloak is a must and used for warmth, a bed, to keep off the rain and dozens of other 

uses. A gentleman without a cloak, they say, is not a gentleman at all! Tattoos are symbols of bondage and little seen due to cultural abhorrence. Decoration is done mainly in ornamentation, like metal and 

“earthy” colors. Outlook: Water and bathing play a central role in life. Certain naming conventions are used to indicate famous lineage (nàl and the accumulation of various “n” in one's name). The times of Old 

Krinnabröeng are idolized, its faults blurred in the despairing face of the present, though authorities in Malvia and Kalesh savagely stomp out such cultural stirrings. Society: Building is uniform and while 

not drab is very unimpressive nonetheless. Cities are well organized and structured to capture, channel and utilize water is all ways. Clean water is in constant demand and kept and guarded in cisterns and 

watersheds. Roads are built high and well against stormy conditions. Such thoughts are equally used in life as in building and a person is just as likely to prepare for the ill winds of life in the same manner.

 The island land is very fertile and agriculture is a powerful economic strength. While both kingdoms war with one another constant, the war is distant for the majority of the population unless thrust in their 

face. The inhabitants of both kingdoms (Malvia and Kalesh) have relatives in either and a common sight on the battlefield is to so one's brother, cousin or children fighting for the other kingdom. Viridian 

society is almost purely elven and highly influences by the Faerie that have long lived in their realm, even when the same were nobles of Old Krinnabröeng.Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of 

Borsala, Amarydion, Eru, Xuanth and Megalon as the most powerful. Psychic powers are seen as something out of folk tales or mixed up with magik while magik is regarded well but with some unease due to the 

damage it has caused during the war. Technology is little known but feared due to the use by the Khorkhroé (except in Viridia). Prejudices & Fears: The thought of being unclean is a subtle but powerful 

influence and fear. They also scorn and see Dwarves, Gnomes, Hobbitts, and Kobbitts as inferior and loathe utterly Kobolds and Goblins. The antipathy invokes more abhorrence and disgust than action to rid the 

world of such things. Viridians are exceptions to the above in that they accept Dwarves, Gnomes, Hobbitts, and Kobbitts as equals but utterly despise Kobolds, Goblins, Urukk, and Orcs.