Orguria 

Background: The monarchy of Orguria is a long established line, with Elven and other blood mixed into the royal line several times in the past. The family of Liaana has stood strong over the cycles, caring for 

Orguria since its split from the Pandooris Empire in the Fifth Insurrection of Kings. Under the monarch is a structure of landed nobility, whose power and influence directly corresponds not necessarily to the 

breadth of their lands but to the amount of economic power they can bring into play. Dress & Decoration: Orgurian dress is a rugged jerkin over a soft, loose shirt tucked into breeches or trousers. An over 

tunic is worn for more serious or proper event, usually emblazoned with symbols or hued to display wealth and status. Orgurians favor hats and a dozen or more popular hats are fashionable at any one time. 

Metals and polished stone are commonplace on clothing as well as work in threat and embroidery to show status or wealth. Outlook: Orgurians take a serious approach on life and a determination to live well, 

taking life for what it can offer. While somewhat sober, Orgurians do have their moments of relaxation and hilarity. They enjoy mummers, plays, games, usually of chance; drinking, festivals, and just parties in

 general. Society: There are eighteen lines of distinction among the nobility, ranging from a base Sirel title, where the noble has small to medium lands and only insignificant economic power, to the 

Etjal-Sectuant, who has medium to large lands and has extensive, wide-ranging economic power. The Queen of the realm elevates or demotes the nobility in the eighteen positions of distinction, with advice from 

her council of mercantile, guild, and college advisors. The King in turn, only heeds advice from those who achieve at least ninth distinction, or Jal-Monsectual, and provides oversight to the Queen with his own

 select council of advisors. Under the nobility is the populace of Orguria, consisting of freeholders, tenants, craftsmen, merchants, and gentlemen of means. The Orgurian legal system is graduated, with worse 

and more extreme crimes climbing quickly along the ladder towards public dismemberment for capitol offenses. Minor violations such as petty theft or unlicensed magik use only require the levy of a fee for the 

offense. Weapons in Orguria are only for those who can afford them, and only the nobility or their guard can wear a blade longer than an arm's length within the town or city. Strangers are warned only once, 

typically when they enter the city to put away weapons exceeding this restriction. Citizens are expected to understand the law; both receive the same penalty if caught: 2 years on a king's galley rowing at the 

oars to move it across the sea, and forfeiture of personal goods to the crown. Religion & Power: Religiously open with Borsala, Boreas, Chu_khem, and Megalon as the strongest. Magik is considered a profession 

among Orgurians, and they disallow all practitioners from participating in political affairs if they have or had arcane training of any type. Those who attend to either the wizardry profession are considered 

‘ungrounded' and not suitable for political office. Priests, on the other hand,are considered outside the normal structure of affairs, and can speak directly to the king in a council set expressly aside for 

this purpose. Spiritualism is regarded as a part of religion and technology is blurred with magik. Prejudices & Fears: Fear the loss of national identity and in turn, personal identity. An undercurrent fear is 

the Pandooris Empire will rise again and swallow Orguria.