Panduria 

Background: Panduria is an older nation still vibrant in the face of several recent invasions, plagues, and economic downfalls. Previously part of the old Pandooris Empire, Panduria is heir to many of the 

traditions and the hearty, robust outlook of their forefathers. Dress & Decoration: Pandurians are generally cheerful and this reflects in their blend of clothing, though the traditional tunic-like apparel 

still predominates. It is within the law to carry a dagger, blade or small axe, and many Pandurians do so, especially in the rural areas. The bearing of weapons is less so in the urban regions, though it is a 

rare Pandurian without at least a dagger easily at hand. Outlook: The influence of heir forefathers, the Pandooris Kings flows powerfully in their veins and motivates them to build, conquer and expand as it did

 their ancestors. Schooling is looked upon with diligence and all Pandurians are expected to take two years of schooling before they reach majority. Those who expect to pass the tests of adulthood must at least

 know the rudiments of reading, writing and handle a weapon well enough to defend themselves. The only exceptions to weapon craft are those who have talent for the arcane or religious. Either of these is sent 

to institutions to develop the talent and is expect to serve four years in the Pandurian military after training. Society: From the original five who wrenched Panduria away from the Pandooris Kings, grew a 

singular line of rulers over the cycles, the line of Meachea. The lines of nobility have changed several times, totally reforming their bloodlines. While many of the Pandurian nobles claim unbroken lines of 

descent from the previous Pandooris Kings, all trace their achievement of nobility to the first Meachean king. Daalne Meachea reformed all the nobility into a landed and unlanded structure, and allowed for gift

 of a single generation title to highly successful generals, admirals and people of note. The landed nobility are the most powerful and wealthy, drawing upon the wealth of their lands as well as from the annual

 tithe. All nobility are given a portion of the annual tithe, with those of greater rank gaining a greater portion, since with each higher achievement of rank comes the responsibility to have troops ready to 

muster in times of war, internal revolt or plague. About a third of the populace is commoners who dwell in the towns and cities, and are split among freemen, craftsmen, and merchants. The vast majority of the 

population dwells in the rural expanses of Panduria in wide spread villages and small settlements under the wings of one noble or another. All of Panduria's land is portioned to one noble or another, and no 

land, regardless of how wild or dire, lies outside the auspices of the nobles. In rural areas, outside of slaves, Pandurians are freeholders, men-at-arms and craftsmen. The tenant or serf traditions are almost 

unknown in the land, and the majority of the Pandurians are well off compared to other lands. Religion & Power: Religiously open with Chu_khem, Khronos and Justinorn as the strongest. Magik, psychic power, and 

technology are respected while spiritualism is held with high suspicion. Prejudices & Fears: Pandurians loath the Misty Isles and any defeat at their hands, imagined or real is painful in the extreme.