Rainbow Isles 

Background: The Rainbow Isles is a robust island country whose women are known across the breadth of Khaora for their vivacity, individualism, and zest for life. Dress & Decoration: Garments in the isles 

reflect their maritime pursuits and island nature. They have a single piece wrap that covers the waist to just around the knees, but this is mainly worn by fisherwomen rather than sailors and not often seen in 

the cities. They will usually wear a simple cloak made most commonly of wool, linen, or fur. Short tunics are favored, ones that belted and bloused at the waist to suit the wearer's needs and desires. They were

 usually decorated at the collar, cuffs, and hem, with embroidery or simple bands of fabric. These tunics often have matching strips of decoration running from both shoulders to the hem. Sandals are preferred 

footwear but boots are commonplace as well. Outlook: A strong promotion of individuality within a communal responsibility is fostered from birth. Each child is free to choose a future, however most follow in 

the steps of their parents. The individualism defines them but is at times subsumed by communal needs. An Amazon may accept punishment, exile, or even death to save her family or clan some disgrace or 

indignity. The isles' poetry is full of sayings that echo this type of thinking. The Amazons of Rainbow Isles are quick to learn, highly individualistic, and very adventurous. They tend to jump to conclusions 

quickly, for good or bad, and despise places where the land is wholly male dominated. As openhearted adventurers and traders, they sail the great oceans in a quest for the next deal, the newest adventure, or 

the greatest plunder. They are progressive in belief and always looking to experience something new regardless of circumstance. They are quick with the tongue, and it often gets them into trouble and back out 

again with equal facility. One of the most important ideologies that define the isle people are they do not wish to have things difficult. The fastest way, even when not the best, that leads to a result is 

always preferred. Some have described the Rainbow Isles' people as arrogant, and overly disrespectful. The blunt fact is they treat all people with politeness and courtesy. They are the consummate hosts. The 

people of the isles do not judge people on the basis of title or status, but by their actions. They have been known to treat a noble as a knave, and a knave as a sister. It is not an easily bought trust, 

though. Earning the badge of trust is a path only taken through actions, and isle's Amazon is unlikely to trust anyone's word whose action they do not know firsthand. Society: Like the other Amazon countries, 

the Rainbow Isles are matriarchic and consist of many independently led clans who hold loose allegiance to a high queen nominated at the Éreelia, or gathering of the clans. Most immediate families are made up 

of equals with the oldest in that family holding the position of greatest rank. Each clan has a primary family, which represents all the connected families in the clan on a council called the Órfhi. The various

 members of the Órfhi assist the clan head to make decisions and double as a war council in times of conflict. Though Rainbow Isles has only a few cities and live mostly in ordered settlements, their influences

 are primarily nomadic. This is not a complete practice of the nomadic way of wandering, but an understanding that at some point all Amazons must travel in the wild, open world in order to understand their 

roots. Religion & Power: Religiously open with Borsala, Azaerawe, Tarong, and the Emerald Star Cult as the strongest. Magik, psychic power, and technology are respected while spiritualism can stir some 

irrational fears in the isle's Amazons. Prejudices & Fears: Rainbow Isles Amazons fear a loss of independence. They are prejudiced against males, never seeing or accepting others as equals.