Rherekk 

Background: The Rherekk are a naturally warlike and unsettled people. The rugged nature of the land they occupied has nourished in the Rherekki a great strength, especially the southern Rherekk who dwell amidst

 high and half inaccessible Heaven Wall Mountains. Many, especially those in Vorgoé who despise the Rherekki for their numerous raids into their territory, view them as primitive savages. In fact, the Rherekk 

are far from being simply wild and simple-minded warriors, who eke out a primitive existence amongst cold mountains. Their society has a system of highly sophisticated beliefs and a worldview that has actually 

molded their whole societal order and way of life. This life view is probably a holdover from the ancient Mardolissans who entered Khaas via an unstable nexus gate somewhere on the fast moving depths of the 

Chainmail River. Dress & Decoration: Rherekk garments depend greatly on hide drawn from animals in the forests and mountains and use their fur, horn, and other portions as well. Standard gear is a rugged, 

trouser like pant, baggy and layer for warmth. Weather is a prime concern and while Rherekki mortify their flesh frequently, outside of these semi-religious, ceremonial times they cling to warmth like any 

other. Boots are commonplace, always shod, and often spiked. Super tunics, surcoats, and heavy jackets are common as well and Rherekki make great use of buttons and lacing to bind clothing. Outlook: The 

Rherekki believe the whole of life and our waking world is in fact a dream and not reality at all. Their beliefs allow for an approach to the real world in dreams, through deep thought and meditation, or at 

times in everyday life; hard and tiring actions, for example, trekking across mountains or fighting. The Rherekk respect few people or boundaries for that matter, especially the Rherekki warriors who trek 

across the snow-laden mountain passes of the Heaven Walls just to war and raid on the countries of Vorgoé and Tharkhala. The Rherekk, strangely enough have found kinship with the Bossalians, who also dwell in 

the harsh mountains. The High Elves of the Marble Steps, those who dwell at the Cold Leap and on the edge of the Snowy Abyss are their favorites to war against. Meditation consumes more than half, if not all of

 a Rherekki's day. Regardless of occupation or social strata, every Rherekki meditates, attempting to free or tune his or her mind to the true world of their origins. The Rherekki speak little but at time will 

gather together to listen and speak about the tales concerning their lost homeland, taking time to retell the beauty of its land, people and world. They will retell the agony of its loss and the trek through 

the world and the power levered to attempt to pierce the dreams that binds them here.