Saast 

Background: Saast is a large northern mountain country with little impact in world or regional affairs due to its isolationistic policies. Dress & Decoration: Clothing is dull, uninspired and generally, 

whatever is most practical for the activity. Fur lining is common as well as multiple layers of clothing and padding. Tunics, parkas, jackets, and 50 coats are joined with boots and rugged trousers or pant, 

often bloused for comfort or design. Hats are well liked and worn, and if not inspired are at least functional. Outlook: The heavy fog that bathes the land in the lowland areas gives the land an almost surreal 

quality and the Saast delight in the tales of what creatures dwell in the wet, cold mists that creep out in the night. The family unit in Saast is considered very sacred and filial piety is both traditional and

 expected. To act without respect is to invite a firm beating by a person's own family, if not further assisted by total strangers. Amusement and relaxation in Saast revolves around the sedate enjoyments of 

life and Saast love nothing more than smoking, eating and enjoying other such idle amusements. Another thing well liked is the enactment of the silent play on the stage. For some reason this strikes a chord 

with Saasti and they cannot seem to get enough. In a contrast to their normal sedate and boring approach to life and amusement, gladiatorial games are very popular and all cities have arenas of one size or 

another. A majority of the games are non-lethal but the heart of the games is the fighting between the gladiators. Society: Saast long ago chose to follow an isolationistic approach in relation to other 

countries, choosing to do little other than allow limited trade. Its borders are closed to travelers and the Saast regard their neighboring countries with disinterest and apathy. The ruling of the country is as

 inward driven and turgid as its outward policies. A vast brood of nobility exists under the monarch that extends one level deep. The distinction in Saast is that you are noble or you are not noble, and nothing

 in between. Nobility is only gained by birth into one of the many noble families and roughly one third of the population is considered of noble blood. Those of the noble families are allowed to assume 

leadership positions in the government, military, and religious positions. Arcane matters are solely the distinction of the nobility and there are no common born practitioners of magik outside the priests. The 

sole royal family is the one source of rulers and no one without the blood of royalty is allowed on the throne. Even should a noble achieve the fact, the populace would revolt and overthrow him in order to 

support another with the slightest hint of royal blood. The one common thing all Saast like to do is gamble. They enjoy games of chance, though it would be hard to tell from their demeanors. It is illegal to 

gamble, but all Saast do so in hidden little nooks and underground games. If caught gambling, violators are given a public lashing or lose their hand if running the game. Popular games of chance revolve around 

a game similar to mahjongg and go. Religion & Power: Religiously open with Boreas, Diora, Malkuss, Saren, Tarong, Wöten and Thor (Temple of Iron) as the strongest. Magik, psychic power, and technology are 

respected but considered for nobility only. Spiritualism is the only thing that transcends this boundary and is shared by all Saast. Prejudices & Fears: The Saast enjoy their sedate lives and tend to react to 

innovation with fear bordering on the pathological. Their first impulse when shown something new is to destroy or break it, and only with a great feat of will can they overcome this initial impulse. Perhaps the

 only exception to this is in combat, where they have great facility in adapting to enemy tactics.