Sandara 

Background: Sandara is an island nation squelched between the naval powers of Chorynth and the Aranzian princes. Only recently discovered rich deposits of ore in the Dark Moon Mountains has kept maintained its 

sovereignty from the grasping economic and military hands of those seeking to conquer her. Dress & Decoration: Traditional Chardosian garments are still vogue and the short Chardosian near skirt is prominent, 

worn by males and females alike, usually with sandals and an open half-vest or short tunic. The laced open-faced shirt is popular as are short trousers (they clasp at the knee), abbreviated loose tunics, and 

low boots. Sandarans are rarely without a dagger by their side, and even sometimes two or three. The dagger, rope, whip, and hand axe are the only arms allowed everywhere, as many settlements and cities require

 the relinquishing of other weapons to keep the peace. Outlook: Sandarans as a whole are a bustling, energetic people who take great delight in work, crafting, and seamanship, even if they do not do all of them

 the best. Those who die are buried in the land if possible, in gardens and fields so their bodies can nourish those who still live in death. All who can work do so, and those who refuse are cast out off the 

islands, to find their fate among the foreigners. The tales of the creatures of legend, which inspired the minds of ancient Sandarans, are told and retold to children and adults alike, and constitute a great 

chunk of their pastime, in addition to swimming, diving and music. They have other recreational pursuits as well and enjoy a form of free-for-all boxing, something of a national sport for the island. Sandarans 

rise early and tend to work for continuous periods with small rest breaks. Thrift, diligence at work and willingness are common and those people shirking such traits are disliked greatly. Society: There is a 

strong Chardosian influence on the island, though the touch is an old one left over from the days when Sandara was a Chardosian colony. Those days are long past and today Sandara is an island monarchy with a 

small number of nobility, whose entrance is only gained at the favor of the king or birth in an existing noble family. The Sarkoori, the people who had slaved the island in past has been hard to erase, 

especially the foul taint left behind as a result of their occupation. The surest way to infuriate a Sandaran is to refer to the islands as the Sarkoorian Isles, something unthinking (or unknowing) foreigners 

seem to do with astonishing regularity. If it seems innocent, a Sandaran is as likely to grit his or her teeth and grimly correct the unintentionally insulting; if malicious, they are likely to plant a knife, 

dagger or axe between their eyes as a response. While able seaman, Aranzian and Chorynthian vessels, their main opponents in the region, easily outdo them on the seas. Sandara has made up for this lack by 

working on creating and drawing to them a strong stable of merchants who will trade with them and not their neighbors. In addition, old ties with Aradnast have greased the way for the potential of more distant 

trade ventures. Religion & Power: Religiously open with Borsala and Eru the strongest. Magik, spiritualism, and psychic power are respected. Technology is misunderstood or lumped into magik. Prejudices & Fears:

 Sandarans fear a return to slavery and a loss of national identity and are very violent at the possibility of such occurring.