Skohrzaki Domain 

Background: The domain is primarily a centaur nation in the desert with little to no interaction with other nations except for limited trade and diplomatic actions. Skohrzaki is a tribal name for the greatest 

of the herds and where they are is considered the center of the nation. Dress & Decoration: Highly adapted to the desert environment, Skohrzaki rarely wear anything other than that which is immediately useful 

or functional to desert life. Outlook: Skohrzaki believe greatly in the idea of personal honour and individualism. Respect stems from honour and a Centaur's ability to stand strong, on his or her own. They are 

gregarious, wellintentioned, and jovial, quick to laugh and share their enjoyment of life. Honourable to a fault, Centaurs are more tolerant and trusting than most, right up until the point they believe someone

 has wronged them. Skohrzaki are as earnest and forthright in war as there are in friendship, and have long memories when it comes to holding grudges. They are also guilty of overconfidence, and highly 

competitive. Foot races are considered the common (and best) way of greeting old friends, and leaping contests, tests of strength, and all manner of physical sports and games are a mainstay of Skohrzaki 

culture. Skohrzaki will contest with one another and other tribes to stay at the peak conditions, as well as to test the mettle of friends, acquaintances, and enemies. Centaurs are irrepressibly social beings, 

even when separated from their herds, they often find themselves banding together with others, even those of other races, out of a deep seated need for companionship. With no company, a Skohrzaki feels very 

alone and will seek any company even people they do not like to relieve this feeling. Society: The nation is actually a range of tribes with differing outlooks. All tribes honor a high Lord of Sands who rules 

for a lifetime and then is succeeded by a son or daughter of the tribes with equal or greater fighting ability. While primarily consisting of Shinda-Khai Centaur, there are also Saurig and Red Dwarves who make 

their home in the desert sands. Skohrzaki are patriarchic and practice polygamy – not that their women are subservient or any less proud than their male counterparts. Female Skohrzaki are even more fierce and 

proud than male equivalents and the option to join as one of many wives to one husband is a free choice taken by all female Centaur. Those who do not take husbands are often called more to the service of war or

 hunting than motherhood, and are greatly respected for their abilities in those fields. Nomadic life within the Centaur herds breeds many adventurers and warriors. Females are usually encouraged to stay with 

the herds until they have had at least one foal though this guideline has fallen away as tradition. The Skohrzaki are meat eaters who subsist off giant desert lizards and supplement their diet with what 

agricultural products that can grow in the harsh desert. They live in open structures with plenty of room for their bulk and size and do not suffer from claustrophobia unless deep underground or in a place with

 no recognizable exits. The xenophobia common among other Centaurs is lessened in the Skohrzaki, probably from long interaction and working with other tribes. Even if they build settlements, most Skohrzaki are 

on the move, and due to this life on the move, Skohrzaki have very little in the way of permanent possessions, usually packing all that they own into a few saddlebags. Religion & Power: Religiously open with 

animism, Pegonus, Brabnalda, and Pax Romana the strongest. Magik, spiritualism, and psychic power are respected if not feared for its power and capriciousness. Technology is misunderstood or lumped into magik. 

Prejudices & Fears: Skohrzaki fear slavery, confinement and suffer from claustrophobia.