Taghorean 

Background: Taghorean is a barbaric nation ruled by whosoever can seize power. The land is littered with remnants of a great past glory and Taghorean is a mix of old and new, with feral savagery found side by 

side with cultured intellectualism. Dress & Decoration: Taghoreans favor the desertlike burnoose and trousers, combined with boots for dress. Ties are used for fastenings. Both males and females wear their hair

 long and loose. Outlook: The people of the land are rough, coarse and centered heavily on the now and when. A Taghorean rarely cares or spares attention for the change of the seasons, the movement of the world

 or the cares of those beyond his tribe. The community of the tribe is everything, with men and women competing equally for the right to hunt, war, and gain status. Only the old or the wise (ne shumè) in 

Taghorean look beyond this shortsightedness, wonder about the world, the spirits, and how they tie into it all. Society: Taghorean is a monarchy ruled by whatever king can gain the throne, typically by force. 

While organized under a single king Taghoreans continue to cling to the traditional ways of their ancestors and wander semi-nomadically across the land in tribal units. Bashkèpunim are the traditional leaders 

of the tribes and give forced obedience to the king of the land. Outside of those who dwell in the few cities, the Bashkèpunim decide the law, usually drawing on the wisdom of the synimèsh and the ne shumè to 

make decisions. Bashkèpunim lead more by example and wisdom than by rules and the threat of force, 53 building off their experience tempered with a good jolt of common sense and tradition. Bashkèpunim set up 

all rules and are relatively free from restrictions outside of meeting the needs of those he or she leads. Bashkèpunim establish the laws, pass judgment, and decide upon punishment. Of course, his or her tribal

 members afford him this position. Any Bashkèpunim whose leadership is compromised by insanity, possession, or cruelty is quickly removed. Otherwise, a Bashkèpunim is only replaced upon death or disablement. In

 the cities, a crude form of law has developed, mainly centering on how Taghoreans can live in such close quarters more than anything else. Cities have a leader, called a Bashkèpunim as well, and he or she is 

advised by all the ne shumè who dwell in the cities. They have daily courts, adjudicate, and preside over the numerous issues that arise between the people. Some Taghoreans enjoy the intellectual pursuits, and 

have a great tradition of creating and solving puzzles built around the workings of the world, constructing riddles, and puzzles to challenge others. Most, however, enjoy brawling, duels of knives, swords, or 

javelin cast, contests of strength or riding, or just wild and free revelry. Taghorean sometimes will deal cruelly with travelers who venture on the plain and will often make games of it. For some Taghorean, 

torture is a form of recreation. Pit fights are common, whether it be between Taghorean warriors, slaves, or animals. Religion & Power: Religiously open with animism and ancestor worship the strongest, followed

 by Pegonus, Olympic Mysteries, and Shagrath. Taghoreans lump all users of religious, technological, and psychic power with those who use magik and consider them one and the same. Wizards in Taghorean are 

called synimèsh, and are revered as much as priests of the gods. They are given free food, drink and welcomed wherever they travel and are never called to work outside of the duties of a synimèsh, which is to 

cast down any demons, devils or angry spirits raised in the land. The sign of a synimèsh is colored strip of cloth, worn around the shoulders or neck, inscribed with mystik symbols. Prejudices & Fears: 

Taghoreans live in the now due to their fear and inability to conceptualize how small and insignificant they are in the whole scheme of the multiverse.