Talafar 

Background: A country regarded well in the eyes of many, a bastion of sanity in the dark south that stands between the world and intrigues and horror of Marmachand. Talafar is a land of strong knights upholding

 chivalric virtues and also a place of sophistication and high culture. Dress & Decoration: Talafarian clothing styles tend to change frequently but the current trend has doublets, short shoulder capes, and 

over tunics with stiff collars, worn with either hose and breeches or trousers. Over tunics are partly colored with design work and have long sleeves. Hoods or close fitting caps tied under the chin. Women use 

an outer garment over a short tunic with a long, fully body, and wide flaring sleeves. Some have even taken on a formalized stiff appearance of costuming heavy with fringes, borders, and decoration. Sometimes 

heavy thread, precious metals, and gems are worked into mantles and cloaks. Women will wear light robes with stiff collars or headdresses encrusted with pearls and precious stones. Outlook: In Talafar justice, 

honesty, loyalty, and courage are the values that bind the people of this widely diverse land. Magic is a fact of life, but still mysterious and unpredictable despite orders of magicians in most of the large 

cities. Talafarians are a strong people, virtuous and honorable. The ideals of chivalry are an import that took root strongly in the dark times following the two-cycle long Battle of Eyes with Marmachand. Not 

to say, of course, that honor did not reside here prior these codes. Talafar has always stood as the lamp on the edge of night. Talafarian people learn the proud history of their realm at the knees of their 

fathers. They know the names of their ancestors who gathered the light and upheld brands of flame against the Shadow of the One. They listen to old tales of the Time Lords and their horror, and listen in awe 

and burning desire to do and be, those ancestors who dared stand against their tide of insanity. This streak of nobility in the people goes beyond those who have the blood and is present in chivalric orders and

 common men alike. In face of their southern neighbor, it is no wonder such an order of people would arise. Foul Marmachand with its excesses and dark, bloody devotion to the Black Pantheon have crept into 

Talafar many times with insidious plots, subtle and guile, attempting to turn the people away from their gods and leaders. Talafarian society has resisted this influence by turning outward to openness, and the 

people of the land act exactly thus, speaking their minds freely and tending to their own deeds and affairs so as to not allow discord to grow. Society: The nobility and the current monarch rule the land 

strictly but fairly. The queen controls a large amount of power and uses the royal army and loyal leagues of knights and wizards to enforce her will. She is in turn checked and balanced by the powers of the 

nobility who are dear to the people because they are closer to them than the queen. They also control knights and armies in their own right, a factor furthering the balance of force. The open nature and values 

embedded in all Talafarians when they are young keep the situation stable, and the rulers of Talafar have been just and fair in the past. A strong tradition of knightly honor exists among the nobility and each 

knight is a skilled and noble warrior, at once a warrior, a scholar, and a gentlemen. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of Megalon, Lady of the Silver Moon, Vanaan and Nohrqualla in the order 

of the most powerful. Psychic power, magik and technology are accepted and used. Spiritualism is respected but not understood well and Talafarians are cautious more than reverent towards spiritual affairs. 

Prejudices & Fears: Talafarians fear pollution of their minds, bodies and hearts by Marmachand.