Tallassa 

Background: Tallassa is an island nation whose strategic position in the Glittering Gulf has provided them a stranglehold over trade in the region. Dress & Decoration: Clothing designs tend toward the function 

with some luxury, though simple hook and latch; button and clips predominate in clothing styles as the thriftiest method of dressing and undressing. Where the average islander displays extravagance is in their 

homes. The outside of a Tallassan home may seem bland or uninspired but within, it may be a majestic display color, fabrics, textures or a mix or all. Tallassans always wear facial hair, but beards mustaches 

are always kept neatly and accurately trimmed. It's possible to determine a Tallassan's city, social status, and financial means by the cut of his beard. Tallassan women are renowned for their beauty and their 

tempers, both of which they have in plenty. Outlook: Tallassans are concerned with time and using it to attain personal goals is everything to them. They gulp food, barely taking time to taste the very dishes 

consumed. Conversation is terse and short, unless subterfuge or innuendo is necessary, or lengthy discourse shortens some time related event later on. Tallassans also have a reputation for honesty. While some 

Tallassans might use deceit most Tallassans value honesty above all else. It's a part of their honor. Business transactions are often conducted and sealed with nothing more than a handshake. Paperwork is a 

formality and is only used to put the details in a fixed format. A signature is a formality. A man's oath is sacred. People would rather sacrifice wealth rather than exhibit even the 55 smallest hint of 

dishonesty. While on the outside, Tallassans seem driven and eaten with time, when they enter their homes they relax and do away with burning weight of time. Home is where they unwind and settle down, taking 

time to delight in life. Society: Tallassa is ruled by plutocracy of mercantile nobles from the two great cities of the islands. Nobles dwell within the cities aside from a few rural nobles. The nobility of the

 Tallassa are in theory equal, though in truth it is separated into factions of those with power and those with greater power. Tallassans view education as a needed part of life and all young Tallassans spend 

their youth in schools learning the aspects of economics, maritime skills, culture, and history. All Tallassans are expected to learn a trade by their majority (sixteen) or spend several years in the military 

(at a minimum four). Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of Borsala, Tarong and Xuanth in the order of the most powerful. Psychic power, magik and technology are accepted and used. Spiritualism 

is considered nothing but superstition. Prejudices & Fears: Fear the loss of time or that they will waste the time allotted to them before their goals in life are met.