Tharkhala 

Background: Tharkhala is a land united under an emperor, but in truth, the warriors hold sway here, organized under 7 great lords. Dress & Decoration: Most have absorbed Morvaenian, Khorsarian, or Bossalian 

garb as everyday wear. A few still hark back to the traditional Tharkhalan robe, with its open, wrap around front, neckband attached to the open front and full sleeves. Functional and ornamental should one 

choose, as well as easily modified due to its construction of geometric shapes, many still wear this for ceremonies, or religious occasions, even if they view it unworthy of daily wear. Outlook: Tharkhala is a 

shame culture. Tharkhalans are less concerned with questions of morality and legality than with social acceptance. They tend to say what they think their audience would like to hear. Tharkhalans respect 

bravery, hospitality, sincerity, loyalty and politeness. Financial success is valued openly only by merchants, who are despised as miserly and greedy. Honesty is less valued than loyalty. People are expected to

 lie to protect their relatives or clan, but warriors easily throw their lives away in service to their lord. Society expects all people to show respect to their parents, real or adopted. Friendship is very 

practical in Tharkhala, almost a business transaction. Society: The political structure of the Tharkhala is composed of several layers, not all of which are aware of the others. The common Tharkhalan believes 

in an ordered society with a single Emperor as head. This Emperor in theory rules through a complex bureaucracy. The Emperor makes all the laws, rules, and appointments in the government. Justice, defense, and 

administration are the province of the Emperor alone, and his appointed bureaucrats and governors. In fact, Tharkhala is divided into clans, which are in turn divided into large land-owning families. The rulers

 of the largest clans are the real power brokers of the land. They govern the seven provinces of Tharkhala (not the appointed officials) through their warrior retainers. The warriors of Tharkhala are not only 

fighters; they are also the tax collectors, administrators and advisors. Each lord has a chief warrior, who has the responsibility of making sure that the clan's activities match the wishes of the lord. 

Tharkhala is broken into a strict hierarchy of castes, with the commoners on the bottom and the Emperor at the top. The nobles of the court enjoy the highest status, followed by the clan lords, families and 

their warrior retainers. Only these men have the right to carry weapons, and they have the legal right to kill those lower in statuses who behave untowardly. Even fighters unaffiliated with clan lords rank as a

 warrior. Equal in status and power are the priests and magicians, ranking as warriors in the hierarchy and in some cases higher depending on the strength of their religious order or arcane guild. Next come the

 commoners. Of these are the farmers, artisans and merchants. Lowest of all are the outcasts, such as those who handle the dead, slaves, beggars, gamblers, entertainers, and exiled criminals. Outlaws live in 

their own districts on the outskirts of a village or town and are governed by their own kind. Killing an outcast is not considered murder; it is punishable by a fine. Outsiders are common to Tharkhala, and are 

both out of the normal hierarchy but at the same time within it wherever they seem to fit. Ambitious families and clans seeking to gain advantage over another in battle hire mercenaries frequently. These 

mercenaries are given the respect of a Tharkhalan warrior but do not have the same powers of authority. Those who make the mistake are quickly corrected, usually quite fatally. Religion & Power: Religiously 

open with the deities of Amarydion, Animism, Ancestor Worship, Diora, Emerald Star Cult, Megalon and Tarong in the order of the most powerful. Religion, magic, and mysticism are very prevalent in the culture. 

Ancestors are worshipped as well as the spirits of the animals, trees and all other things, and shrines are common. Priests and wizards are respected and honored, especially by the commoners who often call upon

 them for justice against the nobles or warriors. Prejudices & Fears: Fear of failure, giving improper respect/ shaming family, clan or nation.