Thrale 

Background: Thrale is an old country, a nation of fine warriors with great traditions and noble exploits. The land has retained its freedom and individuality against other empires long ground to dust by the 

wheel of time. Dress & Decoration: Thralian traditional dress is a long sleeved garment not unlike a nightshirt, wrapped around the hips, usually covered with a side split tunic and drawn to the waist by a 

belt. Cloaks or additional over tunics are sometimes worn. Boots are common wear and come in a variety of uses and styles, mainly dependent on one's occupation. Common lore says you can tell what a Thralian 

does for a living by his boots and how well to do at it by the cut of their clothes. Outlook: Thralians consider time differently than most others. Thralians watch the skies with a fearful dedication and have 

structures dedicated to watching the stars and celestial bodies. They follow the lunar and celestial calendars in daily practice. Thrale watch the stars, believing both fortune and the future lie along the 

paths they traverse, a faith they take as serious as any of the other religions in their land. They tend to think of time in ages, considering this the eleventh Thralian age. The 10th age ended with the signing

 of the Accords of Arduin, and foretold eleventh age is a well-omened one for Thrale. Society: Thrale is one of the few holdouts against the burgeoning Quawima, Chundian, and Pandoori Empires in their golden 

times of conquest, successfully staying free from their conquering fists. Thrale's most ancient and hated enemy is the Dreaming Isles. Thrale ranked among the few to resist the aerial bombardments and arcane 

destruction released by the old race of the Dreaming Isles. Their pride is to have never fallen, or be conquered by an outside force. Thrale attends to readiness against attack like most do to breathing – 

instinctively, without second thought. Thrale's line of kings extends backwards in time to the hoary days when the first Thralian sailed north during the Time of Woe, when the lands rose high towards the 

heavens and then sunk deep beneath the ocean waters. Those few people who made it to the white ships of ancient Thrale sailed free from the maelstrom of destruction to find a new home farther north. Kings led 

the Thralian then, and they continue to lead them today against any enemies who may enter their land. Thrale is the land of the new sun, an ancient symbol made anew by their landing on the eastern shore of 

Khaora so many cycles ago. The sun in its many forms is perhaps the most often used symbol among the Thralians. Nobles exist in Thrale, but it is a rank only achieved and kept through actions that define one 

Thralian above all others. Self-sacrifice, charity, innovativeness, and loyalty are the most values often rewarded by the king with the rank of nobility. The Thralians are a people who seek action over words, 

and a noble or noble family is only given a rank of distinction for three generations. One among the noble family must continue the deeds of their ancestors to further retain the rank of nobility, or forfeit it

 by inaction. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of Saren, Megalon, Chu-Khem, Fahde, Justinorn, Khronos, Mordakk, and Temple of Iron in the order of the most powerful. Psychic power, magik and 

technology are equally understood though technology is considered untrustworthy and little used. Spiritualism is highly regarded and great care is taken to appease the spirits. Prejudices & Fears: The last five

 unnamed days of the year are considered bad luck days and no Thralian willingly spends time outside the company of others on this day, in fear that creatures will creep from the ground and devour them whole.