Thund 

Background: Thund is a nation only newly returned to its own sovereignty by the Misty Isles, still in the throes of determining its identity after such a long time dominated by the isles nation. Dress & 

Decoration: Thund still affects the clothing of their conquerors and they still eagerly follow current trends on the isles. The current fad on the isles is the tunic, and the isles' wrap, or lislemondé. Some 

versions are full length with sleeves. Often the fabric is woven with gold thread for design, to indicate rank or nobility. Sandals are common though boots worn here and there. Outlook: The energy of the Misty 

Isles' people never did transfer to the Thundians and they plod along in life, content with little more than the necessities and a few luxuries. They are languid in speech and manner, often bent towards working

 in small amounts and taking numerous rest periods to socialize, relax or sleep. Society: In Thund, there are only two natural regions of land, the highlands near the border with Alazahr and a more southern 

plain and moor. So inhospitable is the land that it divides Thund up into many small regions, between which communication is difficult. Indeed, not the land but the sea links the different regions of Thund into

 one. When the Misty Isles came to dominate the region, Thund took to the invaders gladly, seeing them as a way to lift out of the muck and poverty of their nation. This wholesale acceptance of Misty Isles 

society and occupation was the death of most, if not all the traditional ways of the Thund. Recently, the Misty Isles returned to Thund its freedom. This action came as a surprise and many Thundians clamored 

against the act, petitioning the queen to allow them entrance into the island nation. The queen ignored their request but did join with the new kingdom of Thund in a peace treaty. While wrestling with the 

changes of leadership after so long under another's, Thund is slowly emerging as its own nation and gaining independent identity. Politically and socially, Thund is a mess. The Misty Isles never allowed the 

formation of nobility or upper classes in their colonies and those envious of neighboring nations with that structure have affected ranks and titles of nobility, even if unrecognized by the current crown. 

Considering the crown has changed hands almost every cycle so far, a majority of the people turn a blind eye to throne policies, adding further to the chaos of the nation. Amazonian customs are almost 

universally clung to, even though the Misty Isles no longer dominates the area. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of Amarydion and Borsala as the most powerful. Psychic power, magik and 

technology are poorly understood and usually feared. Spiritualism is highly regarded and a great codex of spiritual lore exists. Great care is taken to appease the spirits. Prejudices & Fears: After so long 

under the Misty Isles reign the Thundians fear they will never regain their national identity and be as one again.