Valthar 

Background: Valthar is an older eastern coastal land but one stifled under the dominating grip of neighboring nations for many years. Recently freed from this oppressive yoke, Valthar has vibrantly grabbed the 

horns of destiny and seeks to gain prominence in the region. Dress & Decoration: Dress in Valthar is greatly influenced by Chund and people wear tunics, long and short, richly decorated with threadwork, 

brocade, and the blend of several materials. Trousers are the affected wear, tucked into boots, or gartered. Valtharians use the button, ties, lacing and pins to attire clothing. They enjoy hats or the 

headbands seen in Chund and wear all forms of accessories, such as necklaces, bracelets, earrings, and the like. Outlook: The values of sacrifice, charity, innovativeness, and loyalty are strong in the 

Valtharian mindset, as well as a strong streak of nationalism. If the Sarkeshi left any imprint on the Valthar, it was the theme of national pride and the willingness to give up life and limb to ensure its 

endurance. A strong middle class of free land holding people and merchants exists but the vast bulk of people are still peasantry, tenanting with the aristocratic nobility. While advancement in society is 

accepted and possible, it requires wealth, influence, and knowledge. Thus, even though most of the peasantry will never attain any growth from their societal tier the striving towards betterment is a consuming 

aspiration, passed on to generation to generation until it is met. The Chundian view of privacy is strong here and Valtharians are as intensely private, regarding public displays of emotion inappropriate and 

revealing; not that Valtharians are cold and unfeeling but their emotion is kept hidden until translated into action. Learning is a serious pursuit in Valthar, especially arcane learning. They spend great parts

 of their lives in the pursuit of knowledge associated with their trade, craft or art. Society: Valthar follows in the footsteps of Chund in as far as leadership, and the wizards and priests dominate in the 

land, forming an aristocracy that decides all affairs of state. The ideals of Thrale have left a stamp on the people of Valthar and the Thralian view that nobility is a rank achieved and kept only through 

actions is a strong belief. The aristocrats of Valthar are less selfish than perhaps their counterparts in Chund and tend to rule with more of the good of the nation as a whole in mind than not. Nationalism 

burns in the hearts of Valtharians strongly and is the one sure thing to pierce the veils of propriety always about them. In national gatherings or in the intense debate of the future of their kingdom, 

Valtharians will cast aside normal restraint and debate heatedly on the issue. They take no qualms in using whatever vocal arts are needed, from crude weapons of sheer volume to the more sophisticated ways to 

filet an opponent. Religion & Power: The land is religiously closed with Chu-Khem (state religion) dominating. Other religions are allowed but have only very small followings. Magik is highly respected, 

technology is misunderstood and ignored, and psychic power and spiritualism are respected but ignored due to the cultural preference for magik. Prejudices & Fears: Valtharian history is one of occupation and 

defiance is the face of it. They fear a return to such life and will do anything to prevent it.