Vargalla 

Background: Vargalla is a trading power on the edge of Khaora fighting for dominance with other maritime nations to control trade in the region. They are fiercely expansionistic, digging into the unclaimed 

lands of the jungle and the wild lands around the Gibbering Mountains. Dress & Decoration: Vargallans wear a tunic, and a long garment which could be a skirt around the waist, or drawn up to under or over the 

breast and sometimes held with a strap. Some versions are full length with sleeves. Sandals are common though boots are a close and second favorite. Outlook: Vargallans view foreigners with the same scale they 

apply to each other, valuing energy, drive, bravery, and loyalty. Impossible to conceive, however, is the potential for a non-Vargallan to ever reach the same potential, regardless of how impressive or how 

close in race, including even other Amazons. Those of the female gender bear the worst of this attitude, as the Vargallans cannot understand how they cannot throw off the bonds males put upon them by dictating 

and ruling their actions. Male dominated lands are annoyances to Vargallans and these countries are viewed as intrinsically wrong, even if ruled well and justly. Males are just not capable of such acts or 

ability in their eyes. The borders to Vargalla are closed, and traffic by non-Vargallans is allowed only in designated areas. The outlook of the land is very nationalistic, isolationist in many ways, and 

transgression of law or cultural bounds tends to find those in error staring into the infamous gaping maw of Mother Mouth. Society: Vargalla is an Amazon matriarchy with a widespread royal family and adjoining 

landed nobility. The nobility are split between the old and new nobles; defined by the nobility that existed prior to the expansion to the mainland, and those who attained titles and rank for lands on the 

mainland. The border nobles are the most bitter of the Vargallan nobility, mainly since they are overlooked at court frequently and never have the needed funding against the creatures and scorpion riders that 

prey on border towns and forts. Men are considered near equals to women in all but inheritance. Women fill what are typically ‘male oriented' jobs in other countries and are always chosen over males for any 

positions. Men can be warriors, and often take this route as a respectable way to show their value in Vargallan society. They cannot hold the rank of officers, a position always reserved for women. All female 

names end in –la, an indicator of independence, prowess, and adulthood. All noble women will add this suffix to their names Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of Isis and Athena and Artemis 

from the Olympic Mysteries as the most powerful. Psychic power, magik and technology are respected openly and utilized when possible, especially in warfare. Spiritualism is misunderstood and regarded with 

suspicion and some fear. Prejudices & Fears: Vargallans fear a loss of independence. They are prejudiced against males and non-Vargallans, never seeing others as equals.