Viruelandia 

Background: Viruelandia is a cultured land of dynamics, driven to expand and grow but diplomatic at the same time, willing to patiently win lands by politics over the force of arms. Wildly varied in people and 

cultures, Viruelandia is ruled well through its extensive policies and open but very firm outlook on life, magik, and technology. The state and the crown keep a firm hold on the reins of everything from 

commerce to religion, warring to magik use. Dress & Decoration: Viruelandians live in an avalanche of stylistic garment changes. There is truly no central Viruelandian style due to the miscellany of people 

redefining it daily. Still, a few things do stand out on the Viruelandia state of flux. One is the puerjo. This is a wool oval of cloth about three times the length of the wearer, worn halved along its lengths 

in draped folds. Mainly seen among pureblood aristocracy, the color of the border and the fabric use to decorate it indicates social position. Another is the plaiting of hair, where noblemen and women will 

arrange it in folds coils or braids. A few will even use wigs to supplement their natural hair while the most enjoy the feel of free flowing hair. Another defining style growing in power is the wearing of broad

 topped boots, slashed doublets, trousers, and wide brimmed hats. Many will wear short capes or small oval cloaks pinned at throat or neck, sometimes with chemise underneath the tunics. Outlook: Viruelandians 

have long nourished a dream of uniting the region around them into one nation, bound under their rule. Yet, for all their drive to conquer, hostility has not always characterized the relations between 

Viruelandia and the rest of the world. Even though Viruelandians firmly believe they are destined to rule the world and equally think that civilization ends with the boundaries of their lands, Viruelandia is 

open. Those they see barbaric are allowed in & invited, as Viruelandians see this as just another way to educate and raise up those they will soon assimilate into their own empire. Speaking generally, 

Viruelandians are neat and organized. Society: Viruelandia has a melting pot society, with representatives from almost all the races that cover Khaora's surface. Viruelandia is a rich, very mercantile and 

urbane, and its people are masters at blending with each other and other cultures. They have assimilated so many other cultures that they have become masters at it. Viruelandia has a loose, open social 

structure, status based on noble status and finance means. There is a large number of truant nobility, many of them vagrant sons of landed nobles always seeking to make a name and gain the eye of the 

Emperor-King (and hopefully lands of their own). This makes for one part of the dance of nobility in the land (which the common folk try to ignore and not get involved in). When lands are not available exterior

 of the kingdom then they must be taken within, often leading to small conflicts or minor wars between landed houses. The Emperor tends to turn a blind eye to such conflicts as long as they stay on a minor 

scale, or those involved have the royal ‘favor'. Otherwise, overly ambitious nobility may find the royal army riding them down, ready to bring them back to face throne justice . Religion & Power: Religiously 

open with the deities of Olympic Mysteries as the most powerful. Psychic power, magik and technology are respected openly and utilized when possible. Spiritualism is considered a haven for the ignorant and 

derided. Prejudices & Fears: Viruelandians feel they are destined to unite the continent under one rule and are freely vocal about it. They also see other cultures are inferior, though are not aggressive or 

distasteful in expression such claims.