Vorangé 

Background: Vorangé is dominated by an ambitious group of wizards and warriors, part of a semireligious sect organized under Megalon aimed at resurrecting the fallen empire of Phandramorel, alleging they are 

direct descendants of the nobility and rulers of the kingdom. Dress & Decoration: Vorangé clothing is utilitarian though usually decorated with thread or needlepoint. The use of trousers dominates, with open 

loose shirts drawn by laces; women also wear tight jackets or bodices, and men and women alike wear their hair long and curled. Outlook: Vorangé people are a very proud and energetic people, certain in the 

leadership of their land and confident of destiny. Vorangé eat only once per day, in a large community gathering filled with all members of the household. Vorangéans are fanatics about their legions and 

everyone has 1 legion they love more than others. The cabal has stamped on learning and learning institutions while promulgating cultural changes to inhibit free learning. From this has risen several 

generations of uneducated, stubborn, belligerent but loyal people. Society: While the scion of the royal family descending from old Phandramorel chooses a leader to serve as a king, the monarch is such only in 

name. The retainers of the Vermillion Council, which is drawn from the wizards and warriors who are the true rulers of the land, carry out the edicts and deliver the will of the king, who they use as a puppet 

to keep the mass of the people in line. The true rule and order of the nation is with the iron blades of their soldiers, enslaved mage-servants, and rigorous hunting parties that slay all with wizardry talent 

to ensure they retain control of the principal powers of the land. Against enemies, the Vorangé move with practiced patience, always pushing the borders and attacking their neighbors in a self declared crusade 

to revive the empire at calculated times when their neighbors are weak. Religion & Power: The land is religiously closed with Megalon (state religion) dominating but other religions not allowed except for the 

deity Mars (Olympic Mysteries). Magik is respected and beloved in the land but reserved for the cabal (others with talent are slain). Spiritualism has an honored but utterly ignored role. Technology and psychic

 power are respected but ignored due to the cultural preference for magik more than anything else. Prejudices & Fears: Vorangé feel a strong sense of destiny to reunite the previous kingdom of Phandramorel and 

fear the failure of such an action. Ever since the 6th legion fell to Morvaen, the citizenry have greatly feared the loss of another legion and formed antipathy towards Morvaen.