Vorgundia 

Background: Vorgundia is a prosperous and strong monarchy that holds the plains east of the Grinding Mountains. Vorgundia was born out of the ashes of the Sarkeshi Empire when its first king, a mercenary in the

 employ of the Sarkeshi, led it to rebellion. Under their new king, the Sarkeshi people took on new customs, new ways but without casting aside much of their old thinking. Dress & Decoration: Clothing is worn 

loose and typically hangs around a person's frame. Straps, ties and sashes are used to bind clothing and loose pants are tucked into boots (something a Vorgundia deems important since they stand a lot, 

preferring to do so than sit). Vorgundians wear symbols of lore drawn from the Temple of Iron religion and embroider, stamp, tattoo or brand such symbols along with something known or personal about an enemy to

 inspire fear. A common custom is the branding of the tongue with runes, usually to show devotion to Wöten (Temple of Iron religion). Outlook: Vorgundians are proud, heated when emotional and cold when serious.

 History is deemed very important and they are equally as hot about their nation and its actions as they are about living life fully, creating a name that will echo through the ages, and glorifying their family

 and its bloodline. Learning is deemed important and all Vorgundians seek out knowledge as fits their personality. Society: Vorgundia nobility is several levels deep with landed nobles on the top and a very 

large pool of landless ones on the bottom. Marriages are arranged to gain social advantage. Sons are expected to seek out ways to further the family name through conquest, exploration, great deeds or heroics in

 battle, money or magik. Vorgundians wear different clothes for different events and a Vorgundian might change his wardrobe several times to accommodate. Religion & Power: The land is religiously closed with 

the Temple of Iron (state religion) dominating but other religions allowed in a limited fashion. Magik is respected and beloved in the land and spiritualism has an honored but mostly ignored role. Technology 

and psychic power are equally respected but equally ignored due to the cultural preference for magik more than anything else. Prejudices & Fears: Vorgundians see fate as fixed and gaze upon others with pity 

when they try to fight their destiny. They despise cowardice and betrayal. Vorgundians have an irrational cultural fear of cockatrices due to historical reasons and become unsettled when they encounter them.