Vorgoé 

Background: The people who became the Vorgoé were once a part of the wild Saka tribes dwelling in the frosty northern wastes until a series of wars forced them southward until they bulwarked against the Heaven 

Wall Mountain range. This coincided with the end of the Nexus Wars and the tribes formed together to created Vorgoé. Dress & Decoration: Vorgoéans enjoy jewelry and accouterments that display and show off their

 bodies with a level that borders on fanaticism. Vorgoéans wear heavy wool clothing (wintry environment) and heavy cloaks though their clothing is versatile and can be belted or pinned to leave portions of the 

body bare as needed. Outlook: Vorgoéans are colorful and loud, always moving, jostling if in a crowd due to their eagerness and bold if alone. Vorgoéans enjoy life and tend to belt out in song when stirred to 

emotion. They are cold and motionless when truly angered or when redressing a wrong. Society: Vorgoéans have a strong oral heritage and pass along much information in this way. They have great respect for those

 with knowledge and the power of magik or those who commune with the gods directly. Vorgoéans place high value on beauty and art and this appreciation extends into many corners of their lives. Regardless of 

social standing everyone is expected and takes pride in their appearance and even functional items are created to be aesthetically pleasing. Crime and its punishment is a serious act in Vorgoé and they 

stridently punish murder and similar crimes when they occur. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of Boreas, Brabnalda, the Emerald Star Cult and Pegonus as the most powerful. Psychic power and 

spiritualism are seen nearly as one and respected though little trusted. Magik is considered a powerful tool and widely utilized where possible. Technology is mixed with magik and seen as the same. Prejudices &

 Fears: Vorgoéans are avid watchers of the sky and the times of the solstices and equinoxes are times of particular terror due to historical events.