Zagrana 

Background: Zagrana is a rugged, open land bordered by mountains and the sea. Centaurs rule the rugged forested hills and plains while Gnomes rule beneath. Neither interacts with the other outside of small 

amounts of trade and both ignore the small but growing bands of Wolflings. Above ground, Zagranans live in loose, widely roaming clans. Below ground, Zagranans dwell in crowded cities where order and dour 

pessimism thrives. Dress & Decoration: The aboveground cultures have little need for clothing outside of during inclement weather. They do love to use bracelets, armlets, jewelry, rings, and other accouterments

 to decorate their bodies in geometric patterns or knot work designs. Below ground the Gnomes use clothing in an absentminded fashion, paying attention only during ceremonies or when clothing affects their 

profit margin. Outlook: The Centaur and Wolfling societies have a strong belief in animism and spiritualism. All things have life and are respected in that fashion. All life moves in a cycle and the clans 

wander Zagrana on a purpose dictated by priests. Below ground the Gnomes live and die for commerce. Dour, taciturn, quarrelsome and vengeful, Blue Gnomes care little for each other and even less for others. 

Society: The aboveground cultures are open, following an earthly nomadic hunter existence. Challenges are met through strength, athleticism and bravery and ancestral spirits powerful influences. Belowground, 

the Blue Gnomes are closed to others, wanting nothing to do with other cultures. They society is complex, riddled with complex, lengthy ceremonies to handle simple things. Religion & Power: The land is 

religiously closed with animism and spiritualism dominating aboveground and Xuanth belowground. Psychic power, technology and magik are feared and little trusted. Below ground, technology is considered a 

powerful tool and widely utilized where possible. Prejudices & Fears: The loss of vigor, youth and strength are fears of the Centaur. Blue Gnomes fear the loss of their names, which they see as an indicator of 

breeding, status and worthiness. Of course, only the opinion of their culture matters so they ignore what others e might think.