Zirhaine 

Background: The ancestors of the Zirhaine came from the desert and the Zirhaine have not forgotten their Kurjian roots. It paints all they are though they have become a new people. Zirhainians are peaceful, 

prosperous folk but have learned the arts of warfare out of necessity due to their warlike and expansionist neighbors. Much of their success stems from the Baleares, the nobility, who govern and control the 

land. While at times overly dogmatic, the nobility is instilled with a strong sense of national duty, compounded with a sense of civic duty that lies at the core of all Zirhaine. Dress & Decoration: Zirhainians

 wear trousers with an open tunic fashioned by a belt, boots and a cape or cloak depending on need. Some splash of color to accent their dress is always used. They have good personal hygiene and love badges, 

pins, and tokens, using them to show expertise in craft, skill or warfare. Outlook: Zirhainians are fierce, bold and headstrong but filled with a zest and joy of life. They live fully and well and are quick to 

act in celebration or in conflict. They love to dance and next to riding it is their prime preoccupation. A Zirhainian can be furiously angry with you but still maintain a sense of cheerful camaraderie that 

will snap back into focus once the anger is gone. Society: A Kurjian influence is seen in personal relationships, politics and other aspects of Zirhaine society. Riding, the ability to fight and self 

sufficiency are taught at an early age and enforced as an individual grows older. Little tolerance is given to those who cannot work or provide for themselves. Zirhainians love open architectural styles but 

tend to build with protection in mind. Larger settlements tend to take on circular shapes and sprawl, as Zirhainians love to build outwards. Zirhainians love to demonstrate uniqueness while staying with the 

norm and decorate and accent their homes, bodies or clothing with that in mind. Food is taken buffet style and with great quantities of drink. Religion & Power: Religiously open with the deities of Eru, 

Megalon, Lady of the Silver Moon and Vanaan as the most powerful. Psychic power and spiritualism are seen nearly as one and respected though little trusted. Magik is considered a powerful tool and widely 

utilized where possible. Technology is mixed with magik and not seen as anything separate. Prejudices & Fears: Zirhainians fear living poorly, not in wealth but in deeds and action. They fear the touch of old 

age and will seek death rather than wither away to nothingness or die abed.